# GETGet Attributes

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-attributes-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:25:30.940Z

---

Get Attributes

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.product.basic

​

Retrieve the standard built-in product and sales attributes for listing a product in a particular category based on your shop's location.​

Products on TikTok Shop are grouped into categories predefined by TikTok Shop, and each category is associated with a standard set of product attributes and sales attributes.​

\- Sales attributes (e.g. size, color, length) define product variants and are optional if your product is straightforward and has no variants.​

\- Product attributes (e.g. manufacturer, country of origin, materials used) describe the product as a whole, regardless of variant. Some product attributes are mandatory based on listing policies.​

Use this API to determine the mandatory and optional attributes before listing a product.​

Note: It must be a [leaf category](6509c89d0fcef602bf1acd9b) that corresponds to the category tree type specified in the category\_version property.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

GET

/product/202309/categories/{category\_id}/attributes​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

category\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The ID of the category of this product. It must be a leaf category.​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

locale​

 | 

string​

 | 

The BCP-47 locale codes for displaying the attribute information. ​

Default: The default locale of your shop.​

Possible values:​

\- de-DE​

\- en-GB​

\- en-IE​

\- en-US​

\- es-ES​

\- es-MX​

\- fr-FR​

\- id-ID​

\- it-IT​

\- ja-JP​

\- ms-MY​

\- pt-BR​

\- th-TH​

\- vi-VN​

\- zh-CN​

 |
| 

category\_version​

 | 

string​

 | 

The category tree version that corresponds to the specified category\_id.​

Possible values based on region:​

\- US: v2, represents the 7-level category tree.​

Important: For US shops, you must pass v2 when using this API.​

\- Other regions: v1, represents the 3-level category tree.​

Default: v1​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

curl \-X GET \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202309/categories/600001/attributes?shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&locale=en-US&category\_version=v1&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "attributes": \[

      {

        "id": "100392",

        "name": "Occasion",

        "type": "PRODUCT\_PROPERTY",

        "is\_requried": false,

        "values": \[

          {

            "id": "1001533",

            "name": "Birthday",

            "icon\_url": "https://p16-oec-sg.ibyteimg.com/tos-alisg-i-aphluv4xwc-sg/37a9d5d39c27480d9870f73a2ad7cc95~tplv-aphluv4xwc-origin-jpeg.jpeg?dr=11254&from=3455097676&height=956&idc=no1a&ps=933b5bde&shcp=9b759fb9&shp=cdf09b4c&t=555f072d&width=1000"

          }

        \],

        "value\_data\_format": "POSITIVE\_INT\_OR\_DECIMAL",

        "is\_customizable": true,

        "requirement\_conditions": \[

          {

            "condition\_type": "VALUE\_ID\_MATCH",

            "attribute\_id": "101610",

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

12052023​

 | 

Category does not exist​

 |
| 

12052024​

 | 

Category is not final category​

 |
| 

12052025​

 | 

The category is invalid​

 |
| 

12052217​

 | 

All region shops must use V2 categories. Check the documentation for further details.​

 |
| 

12052230​

 | 

Category version and categoryID are not matched.​

 |
| 

12052704​

 | 

seller id not exist​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
