# POSTUpdate Tracking

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/update-tracking-202602
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:43:11.951Z

---

Update Tracking

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.fbt.info

​

This API manages carton-level tracking information for inbound orders. It utilizes upsert logic to create new tracking records or overwrite existing entries as required. Only orders which are shipped but have not yet been marked as "Delivered" or "Received" yet can be updated, with a 5-time edit limit per carton.​

Version

202602

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/fbt/202602/inbound\_orders/tracking\_update​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

order\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The numeric identifier of the inbound order to update tracking information for. ​

Note: Provide the numeric sequence only; do not include the "IBR" prefix (e.g., use 123456 instead of IBR123456).​

 |
| 

parcel\_tracking\_info​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

Parcel tracking info.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/fbt/202602/inbound\_orders/tracking\_update?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "order\_id": "5766071177167344427",

  "parcel\_tracking\_info": \[

    {

      "provider\_name": "FEDEX",

      "tracking\_number": "889042812410",

      "carton\_number": "C0001"

    }

  \]

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {},

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

39001002​

 | 

Request or request parameters are empty. Please recheck the input parameters.​

 |
| 

39015007​

 | 

Access denied. The API requires the seller to be bound to exactly one merchant.​

 |
| 

39015009​

 | 

SellerId input is invalid​

 |
| 

39015010​

 | 

No inbound orders found for the merchant.​

 |
| 

39015015​

 | 

Parcel tracking info list is empty.​

 |
| 

39015016​

 | 

Tracking provider is invalid or unsupported.​

 |
| 

39015017​

 | 

Carton number is invalid or missing.​

 |
| 

39015018​

 | 

Failed to update tracking info for inbound order. Please check that the inbound order is in "Shipped" status and try again. If the issue persists and the cause is unknown, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

39015019​

 | 

Tracking number is invalid or missing.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
