# GETGet Statements

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-statements-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:48:57.489Z

---

Get Statements

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.finance.info

​

Retrieves the statements generated for a shop and the key statement information based on a specified date range or their payment status. Use this API to get an overview of your daily statements over a range of time, or to find out which statements have been paid or not. For the detailed transactions, refer to [Get Statement Transactions](650a6749defece02be67da87) or [Get Order Statement Transactions](650a6734defece02be67d724).​

Applicable for all regions' sellers. Only data after 2023-07-01 is available.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

GET

/finance/202309/statements​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

statement\_time\_lt​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter statements to show only those that are generated before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​

Refer to notes in statement\_time\_ge for more usage information.​

 |
| 

payment\_status​

 | 

string​

 | 

Filter statements based on the payment status.​

Possible values:​

\- PAID: Payment has been transferred to the seller.​

\- FAILED: Payment transfer failed.​

\- PROCESSING: Payment is currently being processed.​

Default: All statuses are returned.​

 |
| 

page\_size​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. ​

Default: 20​

Valid range: \[1-100\]​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​

 |
| 

sort\_field​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The returned results will be sorted by the specified field. Only supports statement\_time.​

 |
| 

sort\_order​

 | 

string​

 | 

The sort order for the sort\_field parameter. ​

Default: ASC ​

Possible values:​

\- ASC: Ascending order​

\- DESC: Descending order​

 |
| 

statement\_time\_ge​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter statements to show only those that are generated on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​

​

Note:​

statement\_time\_ge and statement\_time\_le together constitute the creation time filter condition.​

\- If statement\_time\_ge is filled but statement\_time\_lt is empty, statement\_time\_lt will default to the current time.​

\- If statement\_time\_lt is filled but statement\_time\_ge is empty, statement\_time\_ge will default to the earliest shop time.​

​

Example:​

As statements are generated daily at 00:00 UTC, to retrieve statements for the period from Oct 5 to Oct 10, configure the parameters as follows:​

\- Set statement\_time\_ge to 00:00 on Oct 6 or any time on Oct 5 (excluding 00:00).​

\- Set statement\_time\_lt to any time on Oct 11 (excluding 00:00).​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

curl \-X GET \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/finance/202309/statements?payment\_status=PAID&page\_token=6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT&sort\_field=statement\_time&statement\_time\_ge=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&statement\_time\_lt=1623812664&sort\_order=ASC&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&page\_size=20' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "next\_page\_token": "6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT",

    "statements": \[

      {

        "id": "7238804564097517339",

        "statement\_time": 1685548800,

        "settlement\_amount": "100",

        "currency": "GBP",

        "revenue\_amount": "200",

        "fee\_amount": "-30",

        "adjustment\_amount": "-70",

        "payment\_status": "PAID",

        "payment\_id": "3459275187040258849",

        "net\_sales\_amount": "-70",

        "shipping\_cost\_amount": "-70",

        "payment\_time": 1685548800

      }

    \]

  },

  "message": "Success",

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
