# POSTCreate Return

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/create-return-202602
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:47:40.812Z

---

Create Return

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.fulfillment.basic

or

​seller.return\_refund.basic

​

Use this API to create a seller-initiated aftersales request for an order on behalf of the buyer. Supported request types are REFUND and RETURN\_AND\_REFUND. Before submitting the request, confirm that the order is eligible for the selected aftersales type and return method. After the request is created, use the relevant search, status, or review API to continue the aftersales workflow.​

Version

202602

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/return\_refund/202602/returns​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

idempotency\_key​

 | 

string​

 | 

Idempotency Key​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

order\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Tiktok Shop order id​

 |
| 

skus​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

Skus​

 |
| 

order\_line\_item\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Specifies the order line IDs to include in the return request. If the order has been split into multiple packages, use order line IDs to create the return request. If neither order\_line\_item\_ids nor skus is provided, the default is all order lines in the order. Note: This is a legacy field for new integrations use order\_line\_list instead.​

 |
| 

return\_reason​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Seller's reason to create a return​

 |
| 

return\_type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Which type to create: ​

\- REFUND​

\- RETURN\_AND\_REFUND​

 |
| 

refund\_total​

 | 

string​

 | 

Total refund amount to the buyer. ​

The total refund amount can not exceed the refundable amount​

 |
| 

currency​

 | 

string​

 | 

Currency for refund which should be same as currency in TikTok Ship Order.​

 |
| 

shipment\_type​

 | 

string​

 | 

Specifies the return shipping method the buyer uses to send items back to the seller in a return request. Supported values:​

\- PLATFORM​

\- BUYER\_ARRANGE​

 |
| 

handover\_method​

 | 

string​

 | 

Optional. Only applicable when shipment\_type is PLATFORM. Specifies the handover method the buyer uses to return the item through platform-supported shipping. Supported values:​

\- DROP\_OFF​

\- PICKUP​

 |
| 

order\_line\_list​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

Specifies the line items to include in the return request and supports bundle order splitting. In one request, use either order\_line\_item\_id for normal order lines or sub\_order\_line\_item\_id for bundle sub-items. Note: This field is completely backward compatible with the previous order\_line\_items\_ids field.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/return\_refund/202602/returns?idempotency\_key=1623812664&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "order\_id": "576473917261320779",

  "skus": \[

    {

      "sku\_id": "1729386416015578024",

      "quantity": 1

    }

  \],

  "order\_line\_item\_ids": \[

    "455764739172614518516"

  \],

  "return\_reason": "ecom\_order\_delivered\_refund\_reason\_missing\_product\_seller",

  "return\_type": "REFUND",

  "refund\_total": "10.5",

  "currency": "USD",

  "shipment\_type": "PLATFORM",

  "handover\_method": "DROP\_OFF",

  "order\_line\_list": \[

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "return\_id": "4035319218955782461",

    "return\_status": "RETURN\_OR\_REFUND\_REQUEST\_PENDING"

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

25001001​

 | 

An invalid request parameter was passed. Please check that you have the correct parameter type(s) and format.​

 |
| 

25001003​

 | 

Invalid order status.​

 |
| 

25001010​

 | 

A return request has already been completed, or the order has already been cancelled.​

 |
| 

25001011​

 | 

A return request is already in process, or the order has already been cancelled.​

 |
| 

25001014​

 | 

Unknown return reason. Please ensure you are passing a valid return reason.​

 |
| 

25001015​

 | 

The provided return reason cannot be used by the seller. Please select a valid return reason and try again.​

 |
| 

25001020​

 | 

The provided return reason is currently offline. Please select a different return reason.​

 |
| 

25001021​

 | 

Reason not match order status​

 |
| 

25001028​

 | 

reverse lock failed​

 |
| 

25001042​

 | 

Return package creation has failed due to internal error.​

 |
| 

25001046​

 | 

Return request has failed due to an interception by TikTok risk control.​

 |
| 

25001051​

 | 

Not allowed to return or cancel since order is completed or cancelled​

 |
| 

25005005​

 | 

Refund total amount is larger than the refundable amount.​

 |
| 

25005010​

 | 

Unable to cancel individual line items within this request.​

 |
| 

25005011​

 | 

The requested line item(s) for return or refund exceeds the allowable limit.​

 |
| 

25020005​

 | 

No permission to process this order​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
