# POSTShip Package

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/ship-package-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-21T00:27:55.305Z

---

Ship Package

‚ÄãShop

‚Äã

Required scope:

‚Äãseller.fulfillment.basic

‚Äã

Use this API to ship a package. There are two kinds of shipping options available: TikTok Shipping or Seller Shipping.‚Äã

‚Äã

\- TikTok Shipping: Schedule a package handover time for TikTok Shipping carriers to pickup a package from seller.‚Äã

\- Seller Shipping: Seller arranges their own shipping, and uploads a tracking number and shipping\_provider\_id. Package ID can be obtained from [Get Order Detail](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650aa8ccc16ffe02b8f167a0?external_id=650aa8ccc16ffe02b8f167a0#Back To Top>).‚Äã

Version

202309

API Testing Tool‚Äã

‚Äã

POST

/fulfillment/202309/packages/{package\_id}/ship‚Äã

Copy

‚Äã

Request‚Äã

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)‚Äã

Path

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

package\_id‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

TikTok Shop package ID.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Header

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Allowed type: application/json‚Äã

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Query

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.‚Äã

 |
| 

sign‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ‚Äã

 |
| 

timestamp‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.‚Äã

 |
| 

shop\_cipher‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ‚Äã

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Body

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

handover\_method‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Possible values:‚Äã

\- PICKUP: A logistics carrier will pick up the package(s) from the seller's pickup address.‚Äã

\- DROP\_OFF: The seller will need to drop off the package(s) to a designated location.‚Äã

 |
| 

pickup\_slot‚Äã

 | 

object‚Äã

 | 

Pickup time slot.‚Äã

‚Äã

 |
| 

self\_shipment‚Äã

 | 

object‚Äã

 | 

Only needed for merchant self-shipping packages. Check the delivery\_option field of [Get Package Detail](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650aa39fbace3e02b75d8617?external_id=650aa39fbace3e02b75d8617#Back To Top>) to see how to differentiate platform-logistics and self-shipping. Use the shipping\_provider\_id retrieved from [Get Shipping Providers](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650aa48d4a0bb702c06d85cd?external_id=650aa48d4a0bb702c06d85cd) and upload the corresponding tracking\_number.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

curl¬Ý\-X¬ÝPOST¬Ý\\

¬Ý'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/fulfillment/202309/packages/5433567853345/ship?timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'x-tts-access-token:¬ÝTTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'content-type:¬Ýapplication/json'¬Ý\\

\-d¬Ý'{

¬Ý¬Ý"handover\_method":¬Ý"PICKUP",

¬Ý¬Ý"pickup\_slot":¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"start\_time":¬Ý1623812664,

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"end\_time":¬Ý1623812664

¬Ý¬Ý},

¬Ý¬Ý"self\_shipment":¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"tracking\_number":¬Ý"JX12345",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"shipping\_provider\_id":¬Ý"6617675021119438849"

¬Ý¬Ý}

}'

‚Äã

‚Äã

Response‚Äã

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.‚Äã

 |
| 

message‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.‚Äã

 |
| 

request\_id‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Request log‚Äã

 |
| 

data‚Äã

 | 

object‚Äã

 | 

Specific return information‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

{

¬Ý¬Ý"code":¬Ý0,

¬Ý¬Ý"data":¬Ý{},

¬Ý¬Ý"message":¬Ý"Success",

¬Ý¬Ý"request\_id":¬Ý"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

‚Äã

‚Äã

Error Code‚Äã

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)‚Äã

| 
Code‚Äã

 | 

Message‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

36009003‚Äã

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.‚Äã

 |
| 

11001002‚Äã

 | 

invalid param.‚Äã

 |
| 

11001031‚Äã

 | 

System process error, please try again later.‚Äã

 |
| 

11006013‚Äã

 | 

Failed to ship package. Products under the Phones & Tablets category cannot be shipped together with other items in the same package. Please split the order. ‚Äã

 |
| 

11006014‚Äã

 | 

Failed to ship package. If you are shipping multiple products under the Phones & Tablets category, they must be shipped in individual packages. Please split the order to continue.‚Äã

 |
| 

11006021‚Äã

 | 

Package has been shipped. Please not ship the package again.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021009‚Äã

 | 

No available shipping services for this request. Please modify the package weight or check the recipient address. If the error persists, please contact the platform for assistance.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021010‚Äã

 | 

The shipment failed due to an invalid postal code. Please ask the buyer to edit the address. If the address cannot be changed, you may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021011‚Äã

 | 

Fail to ship package because the product name is invalid. You may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021012‚Äã

 | 

illegal address‚Äã

 |
| 

11021013‚Äã

 | 

The shipment failed because the delivery address is too long. Please ask the buyer to shorten the address. If the address cannot be changed, you may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021014‚Äã

 | 

product oversize‚Äã

 |
| 

11021015‚Äã

 | 

Fail to ship package because the package is overweight. You may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021016‚Äã

 | 

Fail to ship package because the weight of the SKU exceeds the allowed limit. You may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021017‚Äã

 | 

Fail to ship package because the SKU dimensions exceed the allowed limits. You may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021018‚Äã

 | 

Fail to ship package because the number of items in the package exceeds the allowed limit.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021019‚Äã

 | 

Fail to ship package because the package dimensions exceed the allowed limits. You may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021020‚Äã

 | 

Fail to ship package because the package's circumference exceeds the allowed limit. You may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021021‚Äã

 | 

Fail to ship package because the SKU name is invalid. You may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021022‚Äã

 | 

Fail to ship package because the longest dimension of the package exceeds the allowed limit. You may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021023‚Äã

 | 

Fail to ship package because the buyer and/or seller addresses are invalid. You may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021024‚Äã

 | 

Fail to ship package because the buyer recipient address is invalid. You may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

11021025‚Äã

 | 

Fail to ship package because the seller shipping address is invalid. You may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

11028006‚Äã

 | 

This tracking number cannot be matched to any carrier, please check the tracking number and upload again.‚Äã

 |
| 

11050001‚Äã

 | 

invalid param‚Äã

 |
| 

21001001‚Äã

 | 

Invalid parameters. Please ensure you are passing the correct request parameter(s).‚Äã

 |
| 

21001003‚Äã

 | 

System timeout. If the error persists, please contact the platform for assistance.‚Äã

 |
| 

21001008‚Äã

 | 

System process error, please try again later.‚Äã

 |
| 

21001011‚Äã

 | 

System process error, please try again later.‚Äã

 |
| 

21004006‚Äã

 | 

Failed to ship. Please ensure an invoice is uploaded before shipping.‚Äã

 |
| 

21004017‚Äã

 | 

ON DEMAND RTS NOT IN PICKUP TIME.‚Äã

 |
| 

21004019‚Äã

 | 

Need invoice uploaded for all order before rts.‚Äã

 |
| 

21004020‚Äã

 | 

Fulfillment Invoice status is not success, can not rts pkg.‚Äã

 |
| 

21004024‚Äã

 | 

ship order failed due to platform limitations.‚Äã

 |
| 

21008025‚Äã

 | 

Seller cannot operate orders which are fulfilled by platform‚Äã

 |
| 

21008044‚Äã

 | 

Package item has after-sale request, please process the after-sale request first.‚Äã

 |
| 

21008099‚Äã

 | 

Package has been shipped. Please not ship the package again.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011001‚Äã

 | 

Package not found. If the error persists, please contact the platform for assistance.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011003‚Äã

 | 

fulfill\_unit action not allowed‚Äã

 |
| 

21011007‚Äã

 | 

Package item has after-sale request, please process the after-sale request first.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011008‚Äã

 | 

Package is not complete. If the error persists, please contact the platform for assistance.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011020‚Äã

 | 

These orders are already shipped.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011022‚Äã

 | 

Invalid tracking number or provider ID. Please double check and try again.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011025‚Äã

 | 

Duplicate tracking number. ‚Äã

 |
| 

21011026‚Äã

 | 

fulfillment tracking no used times over limit.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011027‚Äã

 | 

Package has already been delivered.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011028‚Äã

 | 

The package does not belong to the current shop. ‚Äã

 |
| 

21011030‚Äã

 | 

fulfillment not allow update tracking no.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011040‚Äã

 | 

Package has already been shipped.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011041‚Äã

 | 

Cannot complete the operation when order is cancelled. ‚Äã

 |
| 

21011050‚Äã

 | 

The tracking number can only be updated within a certain number of hours.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011051‚Äã

 | 

The tracking number can only be updated once.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011053‚Äã

 | 

Fail to ship package because the shipment time is outside of the pick-up time slot.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011054‚Äã

 | 

No available shipping services for this request due to missing pick-up time slot. Please contact customer service for assistance.‚Äã

 |
| 

21014009‚Äã

 | 

Failed to ship. You may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

21021010‚Äã

 | 

Failed to ship. You may cancel the order without penalty by selecting the following reason: Unable to deliver to buyer address.‚Äã

 |
| 

21022029‚Äã

 | 

System process error, please try again later.‚Äã

 |
| 

21022032‚Äã

 | 

match provider failed.‚Äã

 |
| 

21034012‚Äã

 | 

tracking no has been used.‚Äã

 |
| 

21042001‚Äã

 | 

System process error, please try again later.‚Äã

 |
| 

21042067‚Äã

 | 

The logistics service provider couldn't process your order. ‚Äã

 |
| 

21042076‚Äã

 | 

System process error, please try again later.‚Äã

 |
| 

21042227‚Äã

 | 

For pop 4plÔºàcross-borderÔºâÔºåthe return warehouse for the shipping location has not been configured.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

‚Äã
