# US Sandbox

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/faqs/7200728824298985990
> Section: FAQs
> Scraped: 2026-05-21T00:52:37.592Z

---

US Sandbox

I already created a service. How come I still can't create a test account?

I am an ISV partner type. After creating the test account, Seller Center is asking me to provide business information for onboarding. Should I provide real information?

I am an ISV partner type. I've already created a Sandbox but I'm seeing the notification 'Your account requires additional information. Please submit information in Seller Center'. When I am in Seller Center, it asks me to provide my company information again.

How do I test order settlement, revenue sharing, and other functions?

Why is Seller Center asking me to verify tax information?

When I login to Seller Center from Sandbox, it asks me to provide a phone number, what should I do?

When I login to Seller Center from Sandbox, why do I see a 'No bank account linked' notice?

Can I use my personal TikTok account as a Test Official TikTok Account?

Can I use my personal TikTok account as a Buyer test Account?

What kinds of services can I authorize with Seller Center test accounts?

What kinds of products can I publish for testing purposes?

After I've published a product, how do I find it in the TikTok app?

When I try to purchase a product I get the error 'Transaction couldn't be processed. Please contact customer support for details'. What should I do?

In the sandbox environment (TikTok Dev Shop), how can the order status be modified to move the order to the next status?

How long does it take for tracking information reflect on an order?

I am a Seller Developer partner type. I'm seeing the notification 'Your account requires additional information. Please submit information in Seller Center'. When I am in Seller Center, it asks me to provide my company information again.

I'm using the link in Partner Center to login to my Seller Center test account. Why do I keep getting ‘Something went wrong' error?

How do I test the finance APIs?
