# POSTReject Cancellation

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/reject-cancellation-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:46:59.092Z

---

Reject Cancellation

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.return\_refund.basic

​

Use this API to reject a buyer's cancellation request for the specified cancel\_id. Before calling this API, make sure the request is still in a state where seller rejection is currently allowed.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/return\_refund/202309/cancellations/{cancel\_id}/reject​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

cancel\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The cancellation request ID to approve. Use the cancel\_id returned by Search Cancellations. Do not pass the order ID here.​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

idempotency\_key​

 | 

string​

 | 

The idempotency key is a unique value generated by the client which the server uses to recognize a request. ​

​

You may choose your own method of creating unique keys. We suggest using UUIDs, or another random string with enough entropy, to avoid collisions. ​

​

Idempotency keys can be up to 255 characters long.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

reject\_reason​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Seller's reason for rejecting the buyer's order cancellation request. Use the [Get Decision Eligibility](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/69844a11eeba77049695c7f6) endpoint to retrieve the currently available rejection reasons for the same cancellation request, and submit the returned rejection reason name in this field.​

 |
| 

comment​

 | 

string​

 | 

Seller's comment on rejection decision. This is where a seller will provide more information about rejecting the request. ​

 |
| 

images​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

List of images provided by the seller to support seller's decision to reject the order cancellation request. ​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/return\_refund/202309/cancellations/4035319218955782461/reject?timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&idempotency\_key=40b456b1-78e7-412d-9fe6-82181496e1bd&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-d '{

  "reject\_reason": "seller\_reject\_apply\_product\_has\_been\_packed",

  "comment": "I have packed the products before cancellation request",

  "images": \[

    {

      "image\_id": "tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/57a1c8908fe74572861ea5e50887d8d1",

      "mime\_type": "image/png",

      "height": 200,

      "width": 200

    }

  \]

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {},

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

11050001​

 | 

invalid param​

 |
| 

25001001​

 | 

An invalid request parameter was passed. Please check that you have the correct parameter type(s) and format.​

 |
| 

25001003​

 | 

Invalid order status.​

 |
| 

25001014​

 | 

Unknown return reason. Please ensure you are passing a valid return reason.​

 |
| 

25001016​

 | 

reverse reason not match action type​

 |
| 

25001020​

 | 

The provided return reason is currently offline. Please select a different return reason.​

 |
| 

25001028​

 | 

reverse lock failed​

 |
| 

25001057​

 | 

reverse reason not match reason type​

 |
| 

25001058​

 | 

reverse downstream data load error​

 |
| 

25007006​

 | 

Order not found.​

 |
| 

25011011​

 | 

reverse status cannot reject application​

 |
| 

25020003​

 | 

decision not match reverse status​

 |
| 

25020004​

 | 

decision not match reverse type​

 |
| 

25020005​

 | 

No permission to process this order​

 |
| 

25020010​

 | 

Aftersales has been approved and cannot be rejected.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
