# GETGet Package Shipping Document

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-package-shipping-document-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:38:55.820Z

---

Get Package Shipping Document

‚ÄãShop

‚Äã

Required scope:

‚Äãseller.fulfillment.basic

‚Äã

For orders shipped by TikTok Shop, this API retrieves the URL of shipping documents (shipping label and packing slip) for a package specified by the package ID. This API is only applicable to "TikTok Shipping" orders. To obtain the shipping documents URL via this API, first call "Ship Package" to ship the corresponding package.‚Äã

Version

202309

API Testing Tool‚Äã

‚Äã

GET

/fulfillment/202309/packages/{package\_id}/shipping\_documents‚Äã

Copy

‚Äã

Request‚Äã

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)‚Äã

Path

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

package\_id‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

TikTok Shop package ID. ‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Header

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Allowed type: application/json‚Äã

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Query

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.‚Äã

 |
| 

sign‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ‚Äã

 |
| 

timestamp‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.‚Äã

 |
| 

document\_type‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Available document types: ‚Äã

\- SHIPPING\_LABEL: Returns the shipping label in PDF format by default.‚Äã

\- PACKING\_SLIP: Returns the packing slip in PDF format by default.‚Äã

\- SHIPPING\_LABEL\_AND\_PACKING\_SLIP: Returns both the shipping label and the packing slip for the package, both in PDF format by default. ‚Äã

\- SHIPPING\_LABEL\_PICTURE: Returns the shipping label in PNG format. ‚Äã

\- HAZMAT\_LABEL: Returns the hazmat label in PDF format by default. You must only use this value when there are hazmat items in the package. When you use the value, document\_size is fixed to A4, and you don't need to specify document\_size.‚Äã

\- INVOICE\_LABEL: For Brazil market only, document\_size is fixed to A6, and you don't need to specify document\_size. Returns the invoice label in PDF format by default‚Äã

 |
| 

document\_size‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Use this field to specify the size of the document to obtain. This parameter is only applicable to shipping labels, picking slips, and packing slips that are in the PDF format. It is not applicable for hazmat labels as these are fixed to A4. ‚Äã

If you specify SHIPPING\_LABEL\_PICTURE for the document\_type, any value specified in the document\_size will be ignored. ‚Äã

‚Äã

Possible values: ‚Äã

\- A6 (Default)‚Äã

\- A5 ‚Äã

 |
| 

document\_format‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The format of the shipping document.‚Äã

Possible values: ‚Äã

\- PDF (Default)‚Äã

\- ZPL (Only for BR and MX market)‚Äã

‚Äã

Note: Not applicable for SHIPPING\_LABEL\_PICTURE document type.‚Äã

 |
| 

shipping\_period‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Obtain shipping labels from designated last-mile delivery providers for cross-border scenarios.‚Äã

Possible values: ‚Äã

\- DEFAULT (Default)‚Äã

\- LAST\_MILE (Only cross-border services under the 4PL model with the business solution of 3PL for main transport & customs clearance + 4PL for last-mile delivery will return the last-mile shipping label; calls from all other scenarios will be invalid.‚Äã

)‚Äã

 |
| 

shop\_cipher‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ‚Äã

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

curl¬Ý\-X¬ÝGET¬Ý\\

¬Ý'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/fulfillment/202309/packages/5433567853345/shipping\_documents?document\_format=PDF&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&document\_type=SHIPPING\_LABEL&document\_size=A6&shipping\_period\=DEFAULT&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'x-tts-access-token:¬ÝTTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'content-type:¬Ýapplication/json'

‚Äã

‚Äã

Response‚Äã

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.‚Äã

 |
| 

message‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.‚Äã

 |
| 

request\_id‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Request log‚Äã

 |
| 

data‚Äã

 | 

object‚Äã

 | 

Specific return information‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

{

¬Ý¬Ý"code":¬Ý0,

¬Ý¬Ý"data":¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"doc\_url":¬Ý"https://magelng.bytedance.net2/wsos\_v2/oec\_fulfillment\_doc\_tts/object/wsos641232",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"tracking\_number":¬Ý"752455325694"

¬Ý¬Ý},

¬Ý¬Ý"message":¬Ý"Success",

¬Ý¬Ý"request\_id":¬Ý"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

‚Äã

‚Äã

Error Code‚Äã

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)‚Äã

| 
Code‚Äã

 | 

Message‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

11006010‚Äã

 | 

Internal package status error, please try again later.‚Äã

 |
| 

11034002‚Äã

 | 

This API is only applicable to TikTok Shipping orders. For seller shipping, please obtain the shipping label offline and upload it to TikTok Shop via API or Seller Center.‚Äã

 |
| 

11034009‚Äã

 | 

Warehouse does not exist.‚Äã

 |
| 

11034023‚Äã

 | 

Shipping document generation timeout error, please try again later.‚Äã

 |
| 

11034025‚Äã

 | 

Internal package tag error, pleaser try again later.‚Äã

 |
| 

11034037‚Äã

 | 

The shipping document is still being generated by the logistics provider, please try again later.‚Äã

 |
| 

21008017‚Äã

 | 

This API is only applicable to TikTok Shipping orders. For seller shipping, please obtain the shipping label offline and upload it to TikTok Shop via API or Seller Center.‚Äã

 |
| 

21008043‚Äã

 | 

This package is fulfilled by TikTok. Shipping documents cannot be printed.‚Äã

 |
| 

21008109‚Äã

 | 

Unable to retrieve shipping information, please double check the order status.‚Äã

 |
| 

21011001‚Äã

 | 

Package not found. If the error persists, please contact the platform for assistance.‚Äã

 |
| 

21021010‚Äã

 | 

Package item has after-sale request, please process the after-sale request first.‚Äã

 |
| 

21023022‚Äã

 | 

Unknown label print timeout error. If the error persists, please contact the platform for assistance.‚Äã

 |
| 

21023034‚Äã

 | 

Internal package update error, please try again later.‚Äã

 |
| 

21023035‚Äã

 | 

Please arrange shipment before retrieving the shipping document.‚Äã

 |
| 

21023046‚Äã

 | 

Package has already been shipped.‚Äã

 |
| 

21023059‚Äã

 | 

Package has already been cancelled.‚Äã

 |
| 

21042102‚Äã

 | 

Documents couldn't be printed after the package has been pickup.‚Äã

 |
| 

21042104‚Äã

 | 

Documents couldn't be printed before shipped.Please check shipping is arranged and try again.‚Äã

 |
| 

36009003‚Äã

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

‚Äã

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
