# PUTUpdate Activity

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/update-activity-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:34:27.679Z

---

Update Activity

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.promotion.write

​

Change the title and the beginning and end time of the existing product discount or flash sale promotion activity.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

PUT

/promotion/202309/activities/{activity\_id}​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

activity\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Activity ID​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

title​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Activity name (50 characters max). The name must be unique.​

 |
| 

duration\_type​

 | 

string​

 | 

The effective time type of the current activity​

\- NORMAL: begin\_time and end\_time must be filled​

\- INDEFINITE: begin\_time and end\_time aren't required, and the promotion will be a long-term activity which runs indefinitely. ​

1\. INDEFINITE is only valid when activity\_type is SHIPPING\_DISCOUNT,​

2\. If duration\_type is INDEFINITE, start\_time and end\_time should be 0​

Default: NORMAL​

 |
| 

begin\_time​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Activity start time. UNIX timestamp. The value must be greater than the value of the current time.​

 |
| 

end\_time​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Activity end time. UNIX timestamp.​

 |
| 

product\_level​

 | 

string​

 | 

Activity product dimension, values are:​

​- PRODUCT: Promotion activity applies at the product (SPU) level. Any and all SKUs that are part of this product will be subject to the promotion.​

​- VARIATION: Promotion activity only applies to specified SKUs.​

​- SHOP: Promotion activity applies to all products in the shop.​

 |
| 

participation\_limit​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

The number of times a buyer can participate in the promotion.​

 |
| 

discount​

 | 

object​

 | 

Discount information.​

 |
| 

target\_user\_info​

 | 

object​

 | 

The targeted user type of the promotion.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

curl \-X PUT \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/promotion/202309/activities/7402881377634567979?sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&app\_key=38abcd' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "title": "BlackFridayDiscount",

  "duration\_type": "INDEFINITE",

  "begin\_time": 1661756811,

  "end\_time": 1661856811,

  "product\_level": "PRODUCT",

  "participation\_limit": \[

    {

      "type": "BUYER\_NO\_LIMIT"

    }

  \],

  "discount": {

    "shipping\_discount": {

      "threshold\_type": "MINIMAL\_ITEM\_QUANTITY",

      "threshold\_value": "3",

      "type": "DISCOUNT\_SHIPPING\_FEE",

      "value": "10.5",

      "shipping\_method": "STANDARD\_SHIPPING",

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "activity\_id": "7136104329798256386",

    "title": "BlackFridayDiscount",

    "update\_time": 1661756811

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

17003203​

 | 

A storewide free shipping promotion activity is already active. Only one can be created at a time.​

 |
| 

17029001​

 | 

Invalid parameters​

 |
| 

17029002​

 | 

Title Length Too Long​

 |
| 

17029003​

 | 

The activity title is empty.​

 |
| 

17029004​

 | 

Duplicate activity title.​

 |
| 

17029005​

 | 

Begin Time Earlier Than Now​

 |
| 

17029006​

 | 

The activity period is too short.​

 |
| 

17029007​

 | 

The activity period is too long.​

 |
| 

17029008​

 | 

FlashSale Period Too Long​

 |
| 

17029009​

 | 

Activity does not exist​

 |
| 

17029010​

 | 

Activity is deactivated​

 |
| 

17029011​

 | 

Not allowed to update the beginning time of activity​

 |
| 

17029012​

 | 

Not allowed to update expired activities​

 |
| 

17029022​

 | 

The product or SKU cannot be in two ONGOING or NOT\_START activities at the same time.​

 |
| 

17029026​

 | 

Invalid SellerID​

 |
| 

17029028​

 | 

You are specifying activities not in your shop.​

 |
| 

17029052​

 | 

ProductType is not supported​

 |
| 

17029070​

 | 

Empty gift sku info.​

 |
| 

17029071​

 | 

Gift sku id is invalid, not an integer.​

 |
| 

17029072​

 | 

Gift sku repeated​

 |
| 

17029073​

 | 

Price of the gift exceeds the upper limit​

 |
| 

17029074​

 | 

Eligible products and the gift products must not be the same product.​

 |
| 

17029075​

 | 

Number of gifts per tier does not meet the limit​

 |
| 

17029076​

 | 

Gift sku is out of stock.​

 |
| 

17029077​

 | 

Gifts across different tiers are repeated​

 |
| 

17029078​

 | 

Number of gift tiers does not meet the requirement​

 |
| 

17029082​

 | 

Specified time is outside of the defined range for this activity. Please check the time range for the activity and try again.​

 |
| 

17029083​

 | 

The claim limit quantity of gift can not be decreased​

 |
| 

17029084​

 | 

The threshold type of gift can not be modified​

 |
| 

17029085​

 | 

The number of gift tiers can not be changed​

 |
| 

17029102​

 | 

Product level and shop level are not interchangeable​

 |
| 

17029103​

 | 

Partial of products have already been applied to another conflict promotion during the selected period.​

 |
| 

17029104​

 | 

The product(s) selected have already been applied to another buy more save more promotion during the selected period. To proceed, edit the product list or change the promotion period.​

 |
| 

17029105​

 | 

The threshold type and discount type can not be modified.​

 |
| 

17029106​

 | 

Participation Limit info cannot change or modify.​

 |
| 

17029107​

 | 

Due to overlapping with other activities, sellers cannot create shop-scope BMSM activity.​

 |
| 

17029109​

 | 

The promotion exceeds the threshold.​

 |
| 

17029110​

 | 

The discount value is below the minimum threshold.​

 |
| 

17029111​

 | 

The threshold value is invalid.​

 |
| 

17029112​

 | 

The discount value is invalid.​

 |
| 

17029113​

 | 

The number of products will exceed the maximum number of the promotion.​

 |
| 

17029114​

 | 

The promotion type is not supported.​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
