# POSTSearch Goods Info

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/search-goods-info-202409
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:41:35.115Z

---

Search Goods Info

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.fbt.info

​

This API is used to retrieve a list of goods belonging to the merchant that meet the specified conditions. It returns detailed information about the goods, including their IDs, names, and other attributes, such as the goods-SKU relationship, dimensions, and weight as verified by the warehouse.​

Version

202409

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/fbt/202409/goods/search​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

page\_size​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. ​

Valid range: \[1-100\].​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​

 |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

goods\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Identifier for goods generated by Fulfilled by TikTok system, maximum length 100. Filter the goods information to display only those with specific goods IDs.​

Note: When goods\_ids, reference\_codes, sku\_ids, or product\_ids include two or more values, the result will return the intersection of the goods information. For example, if the input includes both goods\_ids and sku\_ids, it will return only the goods that meet both the goods\_ids and sku\_ids criteria. If requested with all criteria empty, it will return a page\_size number of goods defined by the merchant, sorted by creation time, with the latest first.​

 |
| 

product\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Identifier for product generated by TikTok Shop system, maximum length 100. Filter the goods information to display only those with specific product IDs.​

 |
| 

reference\_codes​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Identifier for goods defined by merchant, maximum length 100. Filter the goods information to display only those with specific reference codes.​

 |
| 

sku\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Identifier for Stock Keeping Unit (SKU) generated by TikTok Shop system, maximum length 100. Filter the goods information to display only those with specific SKU IDs.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/fbt/202409/goods/search?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&page\_size=50&page\_token=cGFnZV9udW1iZXI9Mg==' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "goods\_ids": \[

    "256080616234"

  \],

  "product\_ids": \[

    "256990616123"

  \],

  "reference\_codes": \[

    "SELLERSKU 123456"

  \],

  "sku\_ids": \[

    "256086568895"

  \]

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "next\_page\_token": "cGFnZV9udW1iZXI9Mg==",

    "total\_count": 123,

    "goods": \[

      {

        "id": "86533997569",

        "name": "water1.0",

        "barcodes": \[

          {

            "code": "014673829105",

            "type": "UPC"

          }

        \],

        "reference\_code": "abc32323",

        "image\_url": "https://p-boei18n.byted.org/tos-boei18n-i-0euhj0x6u9/beec7f914a044902a0c5dc929b97d064~tplv-k3ldphp9j8-origin-jpeg.jpeg?",

        "merchant\_declaration\_info": {

          "weight": {

            "value": "1.122",

            "unit": "GRAM"

          },

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| Empty. No business logic error codes. |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
