# POSTCreate First Mile Bundle

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/create-first-mile-bundle-202407
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:37:38.827Z

---

Create First Mile Bundle

​Seller

​

Required scope:

​seller.fulfillment.basic

​

If you send multiple packages to TikTok Shop warehouse in a single first-mile bundle, you can use the API to create a first-mile bundle on TikTok Shop and get the bundle ID.​

Version

202407

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/fulfillment/202407/bundles​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

order\_ids​

Required​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

The IDs of all the orders sent in a single first-mile bundle.​

The orders must follow the restrictions:​

\- Each of the orders must exist and be RTS and shipping label printed.​

\- The orders are sent by the same seller.​

\- The orders belong to a single group of TikTok Shop service districts. The groups are:​

\- Group 1: PH, SG, MY, VN, TH, and JP.​

\- Group 2: DE, FR, IT, ES.​

​

You can not create first mile bundles for US/UK orders using this API.​

 |
| 

handover\_method​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The way you send the first-mile bundle. Possible enumerations are:​

\- PICKUP: You use the logistic service provided by TikTok Shop to send the bundle.​

\- DROP\_OFF: You contact the logistic provider and send the bundle. The logistic provider must be registered at TikTok Shop.​

 |
| 

shipping\_provider\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

The logistic provider ID in TikTok Shop. Required when handover\_method == DROP\_OFF.​

 |
| 

tracking\_number​

 | 

string​

 | 

The logistic tracking number of the bundle. Required when handover\_method == DROP\_OFF.​

 |
| 

phone\_tail\_number​

 | 

string​

 | 

Last 4 digits of the sender's phone number. Required when handover\_method == DROP\_OFF.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/fulfillment/202407/bundles?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "order\_ids": \[

    "578967030217083407"

  \],

  "handover\_method": "PICKUP",

  "shipping\_provider\_id": "7463353253533",

  "tracking\_number": "SF1244442424",

  "phone\_tail\_number": "1234"

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "first\_mile\_bundle\_id": "BA123444534",

    "url": "https://open-fs-va.tiktokshop.com/doc\_tts/object/28b05?skipCookie=true&timeStamp=1721272360&sign=ef63cd6",

    "errors": \[

      {

        "code": 10007014,

        "message": "invalid package id",

        "detail": {

          "order\_id": "578967030217083407"

        }

      }

    \]

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| Empty. No business logic error codes. |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
