# POSTUpdate Package Shipping Info

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/update-package-shipping-info-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:39:30.642Z

---

Update Package Shipping Info

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.fulfillment.basic

​

If the seller entered an incorrect tracking number, this API allows the seller to update the tracking number and shipping provider for a package that has already been shipped. Attention: This API is only applicable to orders (or packages) shipped by the seller. It is only used to update the tracking number and shipping provider for packages that have already been shipped.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/fulfillment/202309/packages/{package\_id}/shipping\_info/update​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

package\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

TikTok Shop package ID.​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

tracking\_number​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The shipment tracking number provided by the carrier.​

 |
| 

shipping\_provider\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Identifies the carrier that will deliver the package. Please call the [Get Shipping Providers API](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650aa48d4a0bb702c06d85cd?external_id=650aa48d4a0bb702c06d85cd#Back To Top>) to retrieve the available shipping provider(s).​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/fulfillment/202309/packages/5433567853345/shipping\_info/update?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-d '{

  "tracking\_number": "576460868968549926",

  "shipping\_provider\_id": "6965352555291346690"

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {},

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

10007002​

 | 

Current order is not a merchant blind box order.​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

21011001​

 | 

Package not found. If the error persists, please contact the platform for assistance.​

 |
| 

21011004​

 | 

This API cannot be used to update package shipping information for packages that are not shipped by sellers.​

 |
| 

21011007​

 | 

Package item has after-sale request, please process the after-sale request first.​

 |
| 

21011022​

 | 

Invalid tracking number or provider ID. Please double check and try again.​

 |
| 

21011028​

 | 

The package does not belong to the current shop. ​

 |
| 

21011030​

 | 

Package has already been delivered. If you would still like to update the tracking number, please contact the platform for assistance.​

 |
| 

21011042​

 | 

Cannot complete the operation when order is cancelled. ​

 |
| 

21011043​

 | 

The package has not been shipped yet. ​

 |
| 

21011049​

 | 

Due to platform rule limitations, you are unable to update the tracking number.​

 |
| 

21011050​

 | 

The tracking number can only be updated within a certain number of hours.​

 |
| 

21011051​

 | 

The tracking number can only be updated once.​

 |
| 

21011052​

 | 

The tracking number can only be updated a limited number of times.​

 |
| 

25001010​

 | 

A return request has already been completed, or the order has already been cancelled.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
