# POSTSearch Global Products

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/search-global-products-202312
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:30:16.130Z

---

Search Global Products

​Seller

​

Required scope:

​seller.global\_product.info

​

Retrieve a list of global products that meet the specified conditions. ​

This API will only return the key product properties. You can pass a returned global product ID to the [Get Global Product API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6509e2b0bace3e02b7490c96) to obtain more details about the product.​

Version

202312

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/product/202312/global\_products/search​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

page\_size​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. ​

Valid range: \[1-100\]​

​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

status​

 | 

string​

 | 

Filter global products by their status.​

Possible values:​

\- PUBLISHED​

\- UNPUBLISHED​

\- DRAFT​

\- DELETED​

 |
| 

seller\_skus​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Filter global products by these seller SKU codes.​

 |
| 

create\_time\_ge​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter global products to show only those that are created on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​

​

Note:​

The "create\_time\_ge" and "create\_time\_le" together constitute the creation time filter condition.​

\- If "create\_time\_ge" is filled but "create\_time\_le" is empty, "create\_time\_le" will default to the current time.​

\- If "create\_time\_le" is filled but "create\_time\_ge" is empty, "create\_time\_ge" will default to the earliest shop time.​

 |
| 

create\_time\_le​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter global products to show only those that are created on or before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​

Refer to notes in "create\_time\_ge" for more usage information.​

 |
| 

update\_time\_ge​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter global products to show only those that are updated on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​

​

Note:​

The fields "update\_time\_ge" and "update\_time\_le" together define the update time filter condition.​

\- If "update\_time\_ge" is filled but "update\_time\_le" is empty, "update\_time\_le" will default to the current time.​

\- If "update\_time\_le" is filled but "update\_time\_ge" is empty, "update\_time\_ge" will default to the earliest shop time.​

 |
| 

update\_time\_le​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter global products to show only those that are updated on or before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​

Refer to notes in update\_time\_ge for more usage information.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202312/global\_products/search?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&page\_size=100&page\_token=b2Zmc2V0PTAK' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "status": "PUBLISHED",

  "seller\_skus": \[

    "Color-Red-001"

  \],

  "create\_time\_ge": 1694576429,

  "create\_time\_le": 1694576429,

  "update\_time\_ge": 1694576429,

  "update\_time\_le": 1694576429

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "next\_page\_token": "b2Zmc2V0PTAK",

    "total\_count": 100,

    "global\_products": \[

      {

        "id": "1729592969712207008",

        "title": "Men's Fashion Sports Low Cut Cotton Breathable Ankle Short Boat Invisible Socks",

        "status": "PUBLISHED",

        "skus": \[

          {

            "id": "1729592969712207012",

            "seller\_sku": "Color-Red-XM001"

          }

        \],

        "create\_time": 1694576429,

        "update\_time": 1694576429

      }

    \]

  },

  "message": "Success",

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

12019015​

 | 

The number of SKU exceed the limit​

 |
| 

12019108​

 | 

page number is invalid​

 |
| 

12019109​

 | 

page size is invalid​

 |
| 

12019118​

 | 

search create time invalid​

 |
| 

12019119​

 | 

search update time invalid​

 |
| 

12052032​

 | 

The product does not exist​

 |
| 

12052180​

 | 

The total number of search results can not exceed 10000.​

 |
| 

12052700​

 | 

The seller is inactive.​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

12052901​

 | 

The product in its current status is not available for this operation. Change the product status and try again.​

 |
| 

12052910​

 | 

Invalid input parameters. Refer to the API documentation for details.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
