# GETGet Showcase Products

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-showcase-products-202405
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:57:47.244Z

---

Get Showcase Products

​Creator

​

Required scope:

​creator.showcase.read

or

​creator.video.write

​

This API lists the products in the creator's showcase, paginated by specified page size and iterated through pages by page token for up to 2000 products in the showcase. This API is generally used when a creator would like to view the products in the showcase. The platform will return the product details in the showcase, as well as the products in the livebag if the creator is live streaming.​

Version

202405

API Testing Tool​

​

GET

/affiliate\_creator/202405/showcases/products​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The creator access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 1. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a362dccb8030ea6f98c) to get creator access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

page\_size​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. Valid range: \[1-20\].​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​

 |
| 

origin​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Set to LIVE to indicate the request originates from a Live room. Set to SHOWCASE to indicate that the request originates from the Showcase.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

curl \-X GET \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/affiliate\_creator/202405/showcases/products?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&page\_size=10&page\_token=V231as2V0PTAK&origin=LIVE' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "products": \[

      {

        "id": "53219092314",

        "shop": {

          "name": "Gift store"

        },

        "addition": {

          "customized\_main\_images": \[

            {

              "width": 100,

              "heigth": 100,

              "url": "https://p16-sign.tiktokcdn-us.com/tos-useast5-avt-0068-tx/d76b8cc1b598de90ad5048df46e672b3~c5\_100x100.webp?x-expires=1691895600&x-signature=oAT9KOL7aCN3Did9U%2FoKEsbBDj0%3D"

            }

          \]

        },

        "price": {

          "original\_price": {

            "minimum\_amount": "12.21",

            "maximum\_amount": "100.00",

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

18001405​

 | 

This creator account has no selection region. ​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
