# POSTUpload Product Image

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/upload-product-image-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:26:09.454Z

---

Upload Product Image

‚ÄãSeller

‚Äã

Required scope:

‚Äãseller.product.basic

‚Äã

Upload local images to TikTok Shop for use as product images, variant images, size charts, certification images and so on.‚Äã

‚Äã

Note: ‚Äã

\- All images used in TikTok Shop products must be uploaded through this API. You will not be able to use any image URLs that are not hosted by TikTok Shop.‚Äã

\- You must store the response body to retrieve the ID or URL required to associate the image with a product during product creation or editing.‚Äã

Version

202309

API Testing Tool‚Äã

‚Äã

POST

/product/202309/images/upload‚Äã

Copy

‚Äã

Request‚Äã

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)‚Äã

Header

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Allowed type: multipart/form-data‚Äã

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Query

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.‚Äã

 |
| 

sign‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ‚Äã

 |
| 

timestamp‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Body

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

data‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

file‚Äã

 | 

The local image file to be uploaded.‚Äã

‚Äã

Note:‚Äã

\- Supported formats: JPG, JPEG, PNG, WEBP, HEIC, BMP‚Äã

\- Max size: 10MB‚Äã

\- Dimensions: \[100x100 px, 20000x20000 px\]‚Äã

\- For use\_case=MAIN\_IMAGE, the dimensions must be between 300x300 px and 4000x4000 px.‚Äã

\- For use\_case=SIZE\_CHART\_IMAGE, the dimension must be at least 1024 px on the shorter side.‚Äã

 |
| 

use\_case‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The usage scenario of the image.‚Äã

Possible values:‚Äã

\- MAIN\_IMAGE: An image displayed in the product image gallery.‚Äã

\- ATTRIBUTE\_IMAGE: An image that represents a product variant (e.g. color).‚Äã

\- DESCRIPTION\_IMAGE: An image used within the product description.‚Äã

\- CERTIFICATION\_IMAGE: An image to provide supporting information to meet TikTok Shop requirements for listing restricted products (e.g., images of certifications, product packaging, labeling).‚Äã

\- SIZE\_CHART\_IMAGE: An image that displays the product's measurement details.‚Äã

‚Äã

Note: Images for use cases MAIN\_IMAGE and ATTRIBUTE\_IMAGE that do not fit within the 3:4 to 4:3 aspect ratio range will be automatically converted to 1:1.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

curl¬Ý\-X¬ÝPOST¬Ý\\

¬Ý'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202309/images/upload?sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'x-tts-access-token:¬ÝTTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'content-type:¬Ýmultipart/form-data'¬Ý\\

\-F¬Ý'data=@"file"'¬Ý\\

\-F¬Ý'use\_case=MAIN\_IMAGE'

‚Äã

‚Äã

Response‚Äã

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.‚Äã

 |
| 

message‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.‚Äã

 |
| 

request\_id‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Request log‚Äã

 |
| 

data‚Äã

 | 

object‚Äã

 | 

Specific return information‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

{

¬Ý¬Ý"code":¬Ý0,

¬Ý¬Ý"data":¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"uri":¬Ý"tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/c668cdf70b7f483c94dbe",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"url":¬Ý"https://p-oec-va.ibyteimg.com/tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/c668cdf70b7f483c94dbe\\n",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"height":¬Ý720,

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"width":¬Ý720,

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"use\_case":¬Ý"MAIN\_IMAGE"

¬Ý¬Ý},

¬Ý¬Ý"message":¬Ý"Success",

¬Ý¬Ý"request\_id":¬Ý"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

‚Äã

‚Äã

Error Code‚Äã

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)‚Äã

| 
Code‚Äã

 | 

Message‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

11050001‚Äã

 | 

invalid param‚Äã

 |
| 

12019116‚Äã

 | 

The image dimensions exceed the allowed limits.‚Äã

 |
| 

36009003‚Äã

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.‚Äã

 |
| 

12038002‚Äã

 | 

Invalid upload file. Please ensure you are passing the correct file data.‚Äã

 |
| 

12038004‚Äã

 | 

Failed to process the image. The format or content is not supported.‚Äã

 |
| 

12038005‚Äã

 | 

The file size exceeds the maximum allowed size.‚Äã

 |
| 

12038014‚Äã

 | 

The image dimensions exceed the allowed limits. Allowed dimensions (width x height in pixels): {{min\_width}} x {{min\_height}} to {{max\_width}} x {{max\_height}}‚Äã

 |
| 

12038015‚Äã

 | 

Failed to process the image. The format or content is not supported. Supported formats: {{formats}}‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

‚Äã

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
