# POSTGet Order List

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-order-list-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:35:58.949Z

---

Get Order List

‚ÄãShop

‚Äã

Required scope:

‚Äãseller.order.info

‚Äã

Returns a list of orders created or updated during the timeframe indicated by the specified parameters. You can also apply a range of filtering criteria to narrow the list of orders returned, such as order status, delivery option type, and buyer user ID.‚Äã

Version

202309

API Testing Tool‚Äã

‚Äã

POST

/order/202309/orders/search‚Äã

Copy

‚Äã

Request‚Äã

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)‚Äã

Header

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Allowed type: application/json‚Äã

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Query

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.‚Äã

 |
| 

sign‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ‚Äã

 |
| 

timestamp‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.‚Äã

 |
| 

page\_size‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. Default: 20. Valid range: \[1-100\].‚Äã

 |
| 

sort\_order‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The sort order for the sort\_field parameter. Default: DESC‚Äã

Possible values:‚Äã

\- ASC: Ascending order‚Äã

\- DESC: Descending order‚Äã

 |
| 

page\_token‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.‚Äã

 |
| 

sort\_field‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The returned results will be sorted by the specified field. ‚Äã

Default: create\_time‚Äã

Possible values:‚Äã

\- create\_time‚Äã

\- update\_time‚Äã

‚Äã

Specify the order for sorting the returned results by using the sort\_order parameter.‚Äã

 |
| 

shop\_cipher‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ‚Äã

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Body

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

order\_status‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Specific order status.‚Äã

Available values:‚Äã

\- UNPAID: The order has been placed, but payment has not been completed.‚Äã

\- ON\_HOLD: The order has been accepted and is awaiting fulfillment. The buyer may still cancel without the seller‚Äôs approval. If order\_type=PRE\_ORDER, the product is still awaiting release so payment will only be authorized 1 day before the release, but the seller should start preparing for the release.‚Äã

\- AWAITING\_SHIPMENT: The order is ready to be shipped, but no items have been shipped yet.‚Äã

\- PARTIALLY\_SHIPPING: Some items in the order have been shipped, but not all.‚Äã

\- AWAITING\_COLLECTION: Shipping has been arranged, but the package is waiting to be collected by the carrier.‚Äã

\- IN\_TRANSIT: The package has been collected by the carrier and delivery is in progress.‚Äã

\- DELIVERED: The package has been delivered to the buyer.‚Äã

\- COMPLETED: The order has been completed, and no further returns or refunds are allowed.‚Äã

\- CANCELLED: The order has been cancelled.‚Äã

 |
| 

create\_time\_ge‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

Filter orders to show only those that are created on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.‚Äã

‚Äã

Note:‚Äã

create\_time\_ge and create\_time\_lt together constitute the creation time filter condition.‚Äã

\- If create\_time\_ge is filled but create\_time\_lt is empty, create\_time\_lt will default to the current time.‚Äã

\- If create\_time\_lt is filled but create\_time\_ge is empty, create\_time\_ge will default to the earliest shop time.‚Äã

 |
| 

create\_time\_lt‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

Filter orders to show only those that are created before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.‚Äã

Refer to notes in create\_time\_ge for more usage information.‚Äã

‚Äã

 |
| 

update\_time\_ge‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

Filter orders to show only those that are updated on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.‚Äã

‚Äã

Note:‚Äã

update\_time\_ge and update\_time\_lt together define the update time filter condition.‚Äã

\- If update\_time\_ge is filled but update\_time\_lt is empty, update\_time\_lt will default to the current time.‚Äã

\- If update\_time\_lt is filled but update\_time\_ge is empty, update\_time\_ge will default to the earliest shop time.‚Äã

‚Äã

Update times may exceed the selected search range due to ongoing data refreshes during the search process.‚Äã

 |
| 

update\_time\_lt‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

Filter orders to show only those that are updated before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.‚Äã

Refer to notes in update\_time\_ge for more usage information.‚Äã

‚Äã

Update times may exceed the selected search range due to ongoing data refreshes during the search process.‚Äã

 |
| 

shipping\_type‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The delivery method.‚Äã

\- TIKTOK: Shipping service provided by TikTok. The seller should obtain a shipping label from TikTok.‚Äã

\- SELLER: Seller provides shipping, including through 3rd party fulfillment providers on behalf of the seller. ‚Äã

\- TIKTOK\_DIGITAL: Tiktok delivers virtual goods directly to buyers. There is no action needed.‚Äã

 |
| 

buyer\_user\_id‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Buyer user ID.‚Äã

 |
| 

is\_buyer\_request\_cancel‚Äã

 | 

bool‚Äã

 | 

Whether the buyer has initiated an order cancellation request.‚Äã

 |
| 

warehouse\_ids‚Äã

 | 

\[\]string‚Äã

 | 

Filter orders by pickup/sales warehouse IDs.‚Äã

Applicable only if the multi-warehouse feature is enabled.‚Äã

Max count: 100‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

curl¬Ý\-X¬ÝPOST¬Ý\\

¬Ý'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/order/202309/orders/search?sort\_field=create\_time&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&sort\_order=ASC&page\_token=6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT&page\_size=20&app\_key=38abcd&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'x-tts-access-token:¬ÝTTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'content-type:¬Ýapplication/json'¬Ý\\

\-d¬Ý'{

¬Ý¬Ý"order\_status":¬Ý"UNPAID",

¬Ý¬Ý"create\_time\_ge":¬Ý1623812664,

¬Ý¬Ý"create\_time\_lt":¬Ý1623812664,

¬Ý¬Ý"update\_time\_ge":¬Ý1623812664,

¬Ý¬Ý"update\_time\_lt":¬Ý1623812664,

¬Ý¬Ý"shipping\_type":¬Ý"TIKTOK",

¬Ý¬Ý"buyer\_user\_id":¬Ý"7213489962827123654",

¬Ý¬Ý"is\_buyer\_request\_cancel":¬Ýfalse,

¬Ý¬Ý"warehouse\_ids":¬Ý\[

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"7000714532876273888",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"7000714532876273666"

¬Ý¬Ý\]

}'

‚Äã

‚Äã

Response‚Äã

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.‚Äã

 |
| 

message‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.‚Äã

 |
| 

request\_id‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Request log‚Äã

 |
| 

data‚Äã

 | 

object‚Äã

 | 

Specific return information‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

¬Ý¬Ý"code":¬Ý0,

¬Ý¬Ý"data":¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"next\_page\_token":¬Ý"6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"total\_count":¬Ý22113,

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"orders":¬Ý\[

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"id":¬Ý"576461413038785752",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"buyer\_message":¬Ý"Please¬Ýship¬Ýasap!",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"cancellation\_initiator":¬Ý"SELLER",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"shipping\_provider\_id":¬Ý"6617675021119438849",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"create\_time":¬Ý1619611561,

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"shipping\_provider":¬Ý"TT¬ÝVirtual¬Ýexpress",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"packages":¬Ý\[

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"id":¬Ý"1152321127278713123"

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý}

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý\],

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"payment":¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"currency":¬Ý"IDR",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"sub\_total":¬Ý"5000",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"shipping\_fee":¬Ý"5000",

‚Äã

‚Äã

Error Code‚Äã

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)‚Äã

| 
Code‚Äã

 | 

Message‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

36009003‚Äã

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

‚Äã

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
