# POSTSeller Search Affiliate Open Collaboration Product

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/seller-search-affiliate-open-collaboration-product-202405
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-21T00:04:57.152Z

---

Seller Search Affiliate Open Collaboration Product

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.affiliate\_collaboration.read

​

This API is used to search the information of products with open collaboration by category, commission rate, and keywords. It will return all products on the TikTok Shop Affiliate Product Marketplace that are in an open collaboration.​

Sellers can only search for open collaboration within the regions they are registered to sell in.​

Version

202405

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/affiliate\_seller/202405/open\_collaborations/products/search​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

sort\_order​

 | 

string​

 | 

The sort order for the sort\_field parameter. Default: ASC​

Possible values:​

\- ASC: Ascending order​

\- DESC: Descending order​

 |
| 

sort\_field​

 | 

string​

 | 

The returned results will be sorted by the specified field. See the description of the field values in the request body for more information about each field.​

Default: commission\_rate​

Possible values:​

\- commission\_rate​

\- product\_sales\_price​

\- commission​

\- units\_sold​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​

 |
| 

page\_size​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. Valid range: \[1-20\].​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

title\_keywords​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

A list of product keywords. Product titles, or names, are loosely matched. Keywords in the list form a query and the resulting set of matching product names is based on the conjunctive operator AND between each keyword. For example, the keyword list \["Men", "Fashion"\] creates a query "Men" AND "Fashion" and the resulting set of matching product names contains the loosely matched conjuction of "Men" and "Fashion" such as "Male Fashionable". Maximum length of the list is 20 keywords. Maximum keyword string length is 255 characters.​

 |
| 

sales\_price\_range​

 | 

object​

 | 

Restricts the products in the search results to those with prices greater than or equal to the expressed minimum price and less than the expressed maximum price​

 |
| 

category​

 | 

object​

 | 

Restricts the products in the search results to those that are associated with the expressed product category. ​

 |
| 

commission\_rate\_range​

 | 

object​

 | 

Restricts products in the search results to those with a commision rate greater than the expressed minimum commission rate and less than the expressed maximum commission rate. ​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/affiliate\_seller/202405/open\_collaborations/products/search?sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&sort\_order=DESC&page\_size=20&app\_key=38abcd&sort\_field=commission\_rate&page\_token=b2Zmc2V0PTAK&timestamp=1623812664' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "title\_keywords": \[

    "Men",

    "Fashion",

    " Sports Short"

  \],

  "sales\_price\_range": {

    "amount\_ge": "12.44",

    "amount\_lt": "100"

  },

  "category": {

    "id": "3412342"

  },

  "commission\_rate\_range": {

    "rate\_ge": 100,

    "rate\_lt": 8000

  }

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "products": \[

      {

        "shop": {

          "name": "Test shop"

        },

        "id": "1729432087292775344",

        "has\_inventory": false,

        "units\_sold": 12123,

        "title": "Blue t-shirt",

        "sale\_region": "ID",

        "main\_image\_url": "https://p16-oec-va.ibyteimg.com/tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/fa0387fa5a204dcfa44d5be75877a163~tplv-o3syd03w52-origin-webp.webp?from=3478900499",

        "detail\_link": "https://shop.tiktok.com/view/product/1729624807198591373?region=ID&local=en",

        "original\_price": {

          "currency": "USD",

          "minimum\_amount": "12.21",

          "maximum\_amount": "100.00"

        },

        "category\_chains": \[

          {

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| Empty. No business logic error codes. |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
