# POSTOptimized Images

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/optimized-images-202404
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:28:24.736Z

---

Optimized Images

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.product.basic

​

Optimize images used in your TikTok Shop by changing the background to white.​

This is especially useful for images displayed in the product image gallery as it enhances product visibility. ​

Note: ​

\- The images to be optimized must first be uploaded to TikTok Shop through the [Upload Product Image API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6509df95defece02be598a22). You will not be able to optimize any images that are not hosted by TikTok Shop.​

\- Images that were previously optimized will not be processed again.​

\- The optimization is processed asynchronously and typically completes within a few seconds. Therefore, the optimize\_status returned in the first API request for an image is always PROCESSING, indicating that optimization is underway. Please call the API again after a few seconds to get the final optimization status.​

Version

202404

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/product/202404/images/optimize​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

images​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

The list of images to be optimized. ​

Use the [Upload Product Image API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6509df95defece02be598a22) to upload the images first and obtain the corresponding image URIs.​

Max count: 200​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202404/images/optimize?timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "images": \[

    {

      "uri": "tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/53b55d6e8cdf1f315affa7e70b45707d",

      "optimization\_mode": \[

        "WHITE\_BACKGROUND"

      \]

    }

  \]

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "images": \[

      {

        "height": 600,

        "width": 600,

        "original\_uri": "tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/53b55d6e8cdf1f315affa7e70b45707d",

        "original\_url": "https://p16-graph-va.ibyteimg.com/tos-maliva-i-1por3rr4fy-us/v2/53b55d6e8cdf1f315affa7e70b45707d~tplv-1por3rr4fy-image.webp",

        "optimized\_uri": "tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/0266127022264e54ad2f639f5e0fb5e6",

        "optimized\_url": "https://p16-graph-va.ibyteimg.com/tos-maliva-i-1por3rr4fy-us/v2/0266127022264e54ad2f639f5e0fb5e6~tplv-1por3rr4fy-image.webp",

        "optimize\_status": "SUCCESS"

      }

    \]

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

12019065​

 | 

The image URI is invalid. Please use the URI generated by the Upload Product Image API.​

 |
| 

12019070​

 | 

The optimization mode is invalid.​

 |
| 

12038007​

 | 

The number of image URIs exceeded the limit of 200.​

 |
| 

12052722​

 | 

The image URI does not exist in TikTok Shop.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
