# POSTCreate Image Translation Tasks

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/create-image-translation-tasks-202505
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:28:35.160Z

---

Create Image Translation Tasks

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​serller.product.optimize

​

Initiates a translation task for one or more images. This asynchronous API queues the images for processing in the specified target language. ​

Applicable only for sellers that sell across EU.​

Use the [Image Translation Completed webhook](684f8d9bcc4e44049347a12e) to monitor the translation progress, or pass the task ID to the [Get Image Translation Tasks API](684f8b2d535a9d048f234564) to retrieve the status and the translated images.​

Note: ​

\- Please wait 5 minutes after task creation before calling the Get endpoint, and retry at intervals over 10 seconds to avoid rate limiting.​

\- Each task corresponds to the translation of 1 image into 1 target language.​

\- You can create up to 20 tasks per call and 500 tasks per day. Any tasks beyond the daily limit will be rejected.​

Version

202505

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/product/202505/images/translation\_tasks​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |
| 

category\_asset\_cipher​

 | 

string​

 | 

The partner identifier used in API requests. Retrieve this value by using the [Get Authorized Category Assets API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/666012dd609d4402cc3be995). ​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

images​

Required​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

The list of images to translate.​

Use the [Upload Product Image API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6509df95defece02be598a22) to upload the images first and obtain the corresponding image URIs.​

​

Note: The total number of image and target language combinations must not exceed 20. For example, you can submit 10 images with 2 target languages each, but you can't submit 10 images with 5 target languages each.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202505/images/translation\_tasks?sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&app\_key=38abcd' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "images": \[

    {

      "image\_uri": "tos-useast2a-i-tulkllf4y5-euttp/748e39ecff38453ab8396a36a53dbb92",

      "target\_languages": \[

        "it-IT",

        "fr-FR"

      \]

    }

  \]

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "translation\_tasks": \[

      {

        "image\_uri": "tos-useast2a-i-tulkllf4y5-euttp/748e39ecff38453ab8396a36a53dbb92",

        "target\_language": "it-IT",

        "id": "764c6e87eedcea90399a0dafcd572b71"

      }

    \]

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

12038008​

 | 

The image URI is invalid. Please use the URI generated by the Upload Product Image API.​

 |
| 

12038009​

 | 

The specified target\_language is invalid or unsupported.​

 |
| 

12038010​

 | 

The number of translation task IDs exceeded the limit of 20.​

 |
| 

12038012​

 | 

Exceeded the daily limit of 500 translation tasks.​

 |
| 

12038013​

 | 

This operation is not available for this shop.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
