# POSTUpdate Global Inventory

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/update-global-inventory-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:30:26.980Z

---

Update Global Inventory

​Seller

​

Required scope:

​seller.global\_product.write

​

Update the inventory of unpublished global products if you have access to the Multi-Warehouse feature.​

The inventory of published global products will not be affected by this update operation.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/product/202309/global\_products/{global\_product\_id}/inventory/update​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

global\_product\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The global product ID to be updated.​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

global\_skus​

Required​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

The list of global SKUs that need to be updated.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202309/global\_products/1729592969712207013/inventory/update?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp\=1623812664' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "global\_skus": \[

    {

      "id": "1729592969712207013",

      "inventory": \[

        {

          "global\_warehouse\_id": "7068517275539719942",

          "quantity": 999

        }

      \]

    }

  \]

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {},

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

12019113​

 | 

product status is invalid​

 |
| 

12019114​

 | 

Seller has no permission​

 |
| 

12019117​

 | 

Missing variations (sales attributes). When there are multiple SKUs in a product, each SKU must include variation (sales attribute) details that explain how it is different from other SKUs in the product.​

 |
| 

12019150​

 | 

The product ID does not exist.​

 |
| 

12052048​

 | 

You cannot edit the specified product(s) as it isn't listed in your account or shop.​

 |
| 

12052055​

 | 

The SKU inventory quantity for the warehouse must be within allowed limits.​

 |
| 

12052094​

 | 

No multiple warehouse permission​

 |
| 

12052142​

 | 

no permission of multi global warehouse​

 |
| 

12052143​

 | 

sku warehouse must equal​

 |
| 

12052145​

 | 

activity warehouse not allowed to be deleted​

 |
| 

12052146​

 | 

The specified inventory quantity is too low. It must be greater than the locked quantity (e.g. for committed orders, campaigns, creators) to ensure a non-negative available stock.​

 |
| 

12052260​

 | 

The product ID does not exist​

 |
| 

12052379​

 | 

the cover region of share warehouse can not cover the the product region​

 |
| 

12052447​

 | 

You still have stock reserved for campaigns in your Chinese warehouse(s), so you cannot add an overseas warehouse yet. If you have an overseas warehouse, you must use it to fulfill orders for your {{country}} shop.​

 |
| 

12052448​

 | 

Local fulfillment is required for {{country}} shop. You must have at least one {{country}} overseas warehouse for it.​

 |
| 

12052530​

 | 

The warehouse ' {{warehouse ID}} ' does not belong to this shop/seller.​

 |
| 

12052531​

 | 

The warehouse is disabled.​

 |
| 

12052533​

 | 

Removal, addition, and change of warehouses are not permitted. Please specify the original warehouses for the SKUs.​

 |
| 

12052556​

 | 

The SKU id not exist.​

 |
| 

12052700​

 | 

The seller is inactive.​

 |
| 

12052902​

 | 

The SKU list is empty. Either omit the list entirely, or provide all required details.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
