# POSTReplicate Product

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/replicate-product-202507
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:31:51.171Z

---

Replicate Product

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.product.write

​

Description of \[POST\]/product/:version/Replicate\_Product​

Version

202507

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/product/202507/products/{product\_id}/global\_replicate​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

product\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The product ID in TikTok Shop.​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

replicate\_target​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

Target markets for replicating the local product.​

 |
| 

inventory\_mode​

 | 

string​

 | 

Defines the inventory mode for the duplicated source product. This parameter supports two modes: SHARED and EXCLUSIVE.​

​

\- SHARED: In this mode, the inventory of all interconnected (shared) products must be strictly consistent; otherwise, an error will be returned.​

\- EXCLUSIVE: In this mode, the inventory for each product can be set independently without affecting others.​

​

Applicability:​

This feature is applicable ONLY for the EU market.​

​

Default Value:​

If left empty, the system defaults to the EXCLUSIVE mode.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202507/products/1729592969712207008/global\_replicate?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "replicate\_target": \[

    {

      "region": "US",

      "skus": \[

        {

          "source\_sku\_id": "1732057700058170433",

          "price": {

            "currency": "EUR",

            "sale\_price": "100"

          },

          "inventory": \[

            {

              "warehouse\_id": "1732057700058170433",

              "quantity": 100

            }

          \]

        }

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "errors": \[

      {

        "code": 12052223,

        "message": "the category is unauthorized.",

        "detail": {

          "region": "US"

        }

      }

    \]

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

12052500​

 | 

A replica already exists for this product in the stated region. Only one replica is allowed per region.​

 |
| 

12052501​

 | 

This operation is only available for shops using the LOCAL\_REPLICATION listing method. Your shop is currently using the GLOBAL\_PUBLISHING method.​

 |
| 

12052503​

 | 

If the inventory allocation mode is SHARED, the inventory quantity must be the same across all SKUs.​

 |
| 

12052518​

 | 

The number of SKUs provided do not match that of the source product. Please ensure that you provide complete SKU data.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
