# POSTReject Return

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/reject-return-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:46:27.736Z

---

Reject Return

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.return\_refund.basic

​

Use this API to reject a buyer's return or refund request. The valid decision depends on the current request type and status. Before calling this API, make sure the request is still awaiting the seller action that matches the decision you send.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/return\_refund/202309/returns/{return\_id}/reject​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

return\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The unique identifier of the return request to be rejected by the seller.​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

idempotency\_key​

 | 

string​

 | 

The idempotency key is a unique value generated by the client which the server uses to recognize the same request. How you create unique keys is up to you, but we suggest using UUIDs, or another random string with enough entropy to avoid collisions. Idempotency keys can be up to 255 characters long.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

decision​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Seller's decision for the request, available values:​

\- REJECT\_REFUND: seller reject a refund-only request​

\- REJECT\_RETURN: seller reject the initial return-and-refund request​

\- REJECT\_RECEIVED\_PACKAGE: seller reject return-and-refund request after the buyer has already shipped or handed over the item.​

\- REJECT\_REPLACEMENT: seller reject replacement request​

 |
| 

reject\_reason​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Seller's reason for rejecting the aftersales request. Use the [Get Decision Eligibility](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/69844a11eeba77049695c7f6) endpoint to retrieve the currently available rejection options for the same request, and submit the returned rejection reason name in this field. Note: The available decisions and rejection reasons can change depending on the current request status, so fetch eligibility again before calling this API.​

 |
| 

comment​

 | 

string​

 | 

Seller's comment on the rejection decision. This is where a seller will provide more information about rejecting the request. ​

 |
| 

images​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

List of images provided by the seller to support their decision to reject the return request. ​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/return\_refund/202309/returns/4035319218955782461/reject?sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&idempotency\_key=40b456b1-78e7-412d-9fe6-82181496e1bd' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "decision": "REJECT\_RECEIVED\_PACKAGE",

  "reject\_reason": "seller\_reject\_apply\_package\_has\_not\_exceeded\_estimated\_delivery\_time",

  "comment": "I have reached an agreement with the buyer",

  "images": \[

    {

      "image\_id": "tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/57a1c8908fe74572861ea5e50887d8d1",

      "mime\_type": "image/png",

      "height": 200,

      "width": 200

    }

  \]

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {},

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

11050001​

 | 

invalid param​

 |
| 

25001001​

 | 

An invalid request parameter was passed. Please check that you have the correct parameter type(s) and format.​

 |
| 

25001003​

 | 

Invalid order status.​

 |
| 

25001014​

 | 

Unknown return reason. Please ensure you are passing a valid return reason.​

 |
| 

25001016​

 | 

reverse reason not match action type​

 |
| 

25001020​

 | 

The provided return reason is currently offline. Please select a different return reason.​

 |
| 

25001028​

 | 

reverse lock failed​

 |
| 

25001057​

 | 

reverse reason not match reason type​

 |
| 

25001058​

 | 

reverse downstream data load error​

 |
| 

25007002​

 | 

db access error​

 |
| 

25007006​

 | 

Order not found.​

 |
| 

25011010​

 | 

request has been transferred to platform operator​

 |
| 

25011023​

 | 

forbid process authentic guarantee order​

 |
| 

25011025​

 | 

Quick refund forbid reject receive.​

 |
| 

25011026​

 | 

forbid process receive for FBT order​

 |
| 

25011035​

 | 

could not reject parcel now​

 |
| 

25020004​

 | 

decision not match reverse type​

 |
| 

25020005​

 | 

No permission to process this order​

 |
| 

25020008​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

25020010​

 | 

Aftersales has been approved and cannot be rejected.​

 |
| 

25020011​

 | 

return already received​

 |
| 

25020012​

 | 

status can't reject receive​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
