# POSTAdd Showcase Products

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/add-showcase-products-202405
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:57:58.758Z

---

Add Showcase Products

​Creator

​

Required scope:

​creator.showcase.write

or

​creator.video.write

​

This API adds the products to the creator's showcase. The platform will return the add status of the products, and error code and error message if the deletion fails.​

Version

202405

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/affiliate\_creator/202405/showcases/products/add​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The creator access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 1. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a362dccb8030ea6f98c) to get creator access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

add\_type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Specifies how products are added to the showcase. This an enumerated type with values:​

\- PRODUCT\_ID​

\- PRODUCT\_LINK ​

 |
| 

product\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

A list of product identifiers included if add\_type is set to PRODUCT\_ID. The products associated with the identifiers are added to the showcase. Maximum length of the list is 20 product identifiers.​

 |
| 

product\_link​

 | 

string​

 | 

A list of product URLs included if add\_type is set to PRODUCT\_LINK. The products associated with the URLs are added to the showcase. Maximum length of the list is 20 product URLs.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/affiliate\_creator/202405/showcases/products/add?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "add\_type": "PRODUCT\_ID",

  "product\_ids": \[

    "12390753231",

    "7102893481290"

  \],

  "product\_link": "https://www.example.com/api/v1/share/AImHx6DlXqP1"

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "errors": \[

      {

        "code": 16001001,

        "message": "Encounter network error, please try again.",

        "detail": {

          "product\_id": "12390753231"

        }

      }

    \]

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| Empty. No business logic error codes. |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
