# POSTSearch Package

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/search-package-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:37:46.662Z

---

Search Package

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.fulfillment.basic

​

Retrieve package IDs based on specified conditions. Package creation time and information update time are the common querying conditions.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/fulfillment/202309/packages/search​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

page\_size​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. Valid range: \[1-50\].​

 |
| 

sort\_field​

 | 

string​

 | 

The returned results will be sorted by the specified field. ​

Default: create\_time​

Possible values:​

\- create\_time​

\- update\_time​

\- order\_pay\_time​

​

Specify the order for sorting the returned results by using the sort\_order parameter.​

 |
| 

sort\_order​

 | 

string​

 | 

The sort order for the sort\_field parameter. Default: DESC​

Possible values:​

\- ASC: Ascending order​

\- DESC: Descending order​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

create\_time\_ge​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter the packages to show only those that are created after (or at) the specified date and time. Unix timestamp. ​

 |
| 

create\_time\_lt​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter the packages to show only those that are created before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp. ​

 |
| 

update\_time\_ge​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter the packages to show only those that are updated after (or at) the specified date and time. Unix timestamp. ​

 |
| 

update\_time\_lt​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter the packages to show only those that are updated before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp. ​

 |
| 

package\_status​

 | 

string​

 | 

Possible values:​

\- PROCESSING: Package has been arranged by seller. Waiting for carrier to collect the parcel.​

\- FULFILLING: Package has been collected by carrier and in transit.​

\- COMPLETED: Package has been delivered.​

\- CANCELLED: Package has been canceled. Normally, the package is canceled due to the package being lost or damaged.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/fulfillment/202309/packages/search?timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&page\_size=20&sort\_field=order\_pay\_time&sort\_order=ASC&page\_token=6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "create\_time\_ge": 1623812664,

  "create\_time\_lt": 1623812664,

  "update\_time\_ge": 1623812664,

  "update\_time\_lt": 1623812664,

  "package\_status": "PROCESSING"

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "next\_page\_token": "6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA",

    "total\_count": 221,

    "packages": \[

      {

        "id": "577828281214600000",

        "orders": \[

          {

            "id": "577828281214600000",

            "skus": \[

              {

                "id": "577828281214883345",

                "name": "white,128g",

                "image\_url": "https://p19-oec-sg.ibyteimg.com/tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/12345670",

                "quantity": 5

              }

            \]

          }

        \],

        "create\_time": 1635338186,

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
