# POSTSearch Coupons

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/search-coupons-202406
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:35:40.941Z

---

Search Coupons

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.promotion.info

or

​seller.customer\_service

​

Use this API to get a list of coupons, narrowed down further based on search parameters. ​

The coupons are created in Seller Center or Seller App.​

For further details of the specific coupon, use GET Coupon.​

Version

202406

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/promotion/202406/coupons/search​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

Page cursor. Omitting this parameter will return the first page of results.​

 |
| 

page\_size​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of coupons returned in one page of results. The range is \[1, 100\], with a default value of 50.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

status​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Coupon's promotion status.​

Values:​

\- NOT\_START: Not available to TikTok users until the coupon's configured start time.​

\- ONGOING: Available to TikTok users.​

\- EXPIRED: Not available to TikTok users because it has expired.​

\- DEACTIVATED: Deactivated by the seller and is not available to TikTok users.​

 |
| 

title\_keyword​

 | 

string​

 | 

Keywords in the coupon titles to search for. The range of the length is (0, 100\]. Fuzzy matching not supported.​

 |
| 

display\_type​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

The display type of coupons.​

Values:​

\- REGULAR: Regular coupons which are displayed to TikTok users across all display locations available in TTS, including PLPs, PDPs, TikTok Videos, LIVE Rooms, Creator Showcases, and may be shared via TTS Customer Support instant messages. Includes coupons which target select customer segments.​

\- LIVE: Coupons which are only displayed to TikTok users in LIVE Rooms.​

\- CREATOR\_EXCLUSIVE: Coupons that can be claimed through the display channels of the specified creator, such as their LIVE Rooms, and their Creator Showcase.​

\- CHAT: Exclusive coupons that may be sent to customers via TTS customer support chat messages, but are not displayed in other display locations.​

\- PROMO\_CODE: Promo codes do not have dedicated display locations on TikTok, but may be shared with customers in LIVEs, in TikTok videos, or other social media platforms. They can be claimed by customers entering a claim code at checkout or by customers that use a custom promo code landing page URL.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/promotion/202406/coupons/search?page\_size=20&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher\=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&page\_token=1661756811000' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "status": \[

    "ONGOING"

  \],

  "title\_keyword": "Coupon123",

  "display\_type": \[

    "CHAT"

  \]

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "total\_count": 20,

    "next\_page\_token": "1661756811000",

    "coupons": \[

      {

        "id": "7342461823095965461",

        "title": "test coupon",

        "display\_type": "CHAT\\n\\n\\n",

        "status": "NOT\_START\\n\\n\\n\\n",

        "create\_time": 1661756811000,

        "update\_time": 1661756811000,

        "claim\_duration": {

          "start\_time": 1709568000,

          "end\_time": 1709654340

        },

        "redemption\_duration": {

          "type": "ABSOLUTE",

          "start\_time": 1709768000,

          "end\_time": 1709754340,

          "relative\_time": 4

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
