# POSTSearch Seller Affiliate Orders

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/search-seller-affiliate-orders-202410
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-21T00:08:01.039Z

---

Search Seller Affiliate Orders

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.affiliate\_collaboration.read

​

This API allows the partner to retrieve a list of affiliate orders (orders which are affiliate-commission eligible) generated by a seller, returning the order ID and the product ID. Using this, the partner can track their affiliate-conversions on behalf of a seller, using the order ID.​

​

Version

202410

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/affiliate\_seller/202410/orders/search​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​

 |
| 

page\_size​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. Default: 20​

Valid Range: \[1-100\]​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

create\_time\_lt​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter orders to show only those that are created before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.Refer to notes in create\_time\_ge for more usage information. Please note that we only support 3 montns' data at maximum for each single request​

 |
| 

create\_time\_ge​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter orders to show only those that are created on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​

​

Note:​

create\_time\_ge and create\_time\_lt together constitute the creation time filter condition.​

\- If create\_time\_ge is filled but create\_time\_lt is empty, create\_time\_lt will default to the current time.​

\- If create\_time\_lt is filled but create\_time\_ge is empty, create\_time\_ge will default to the earliest shop time.​

If both are not specified, data from the last three months will be queried by default.​

 |
| 

program\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Filter orders by the associated affiliate program which refer to your agency partner's campaign ID.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/affiliate\_seller/202410/orders/search?timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&page\_token=b2Zmc2V0PTAK&page\_size=20' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "create\_time\_lt": 1722485856,

  "create\_time\_ge": 1719807456,

  "program\_id": "73661290629"

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "orders": \[

      {

        "id": "579125529499110202",

        "delivery\_time": 1723748656,

        "create\_time": 1722420186,

        "status": "COMPLETED",

        "skus": \[

          {

            "sku\_id": "1729791975232997145",

            "settlement\_status": "SETTLED",

            "open\_collaboration\_id": "73661290629",

            "target\_collaboration\_id": "73661290629",

            "campaign\_id": "73661290629",

            "creator\_username": "exampleTikTokCreatorUsername",

            "price": {

              "amount": "1000",

              "currency": "VND"

            },

            "quantity": 1,

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| Empty. No business logic error codes. |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
