# POSTCreate Engagement Task

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/create-engagement-task-202412
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:56:37.271Z

---

Create Engagement Task

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.customer\_engagement.write

​

Create an engagement task that acts as a container for grouping messages with similar content and rules, allowing sellers to track and compare task performance across different types of content.​

Note that each task has a mandatory end time, and once expired, it cannot be used to send additional messages.​

Version

202412

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/customer\_engagement/202412/engagement\_tasks​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

idempotency\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

A unique key to recognize a request and prevent duplicate processing of the same request, especially in cases of connection issues. Ensure this key is unique for each request to avoid accidental duplicates.​

Note: We recommend that you generate v4 UUIDs for use as keys.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

template\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The ID of engagement message templates predefined by TikTok Shop. Retrieve the value from [Get Message Templates](67777e44223fde02fdfdc157).​

 |
| 

task\_name​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The name of the task.​

 |
| 

end\_time​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The time at which the task ends, and messages will no longer be sent. Unix timestamp (seconds).​

 |
| 

channel​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The engagement channel. Only TIKTOK\_IM is supported.​

 |
| 

product\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

The product ID. Retrieve this value from the [Search Products API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/65854ffb8f559302d8a6acda).​

 |
| 

coupon\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

The coupon ID. Retrieve this value and other coupon-related information from the [Search Coupons API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6699dcdf115ebe02f841e4cd).​

​

Note: The coupon properties must comply with the rules defined in coupon\_card\_rules.coupon\_type of the [Get Message Templates API](67777e44223fde02fdfdc157).​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/customer\_engagement/202412/engagement\_tasks?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&idempotency\_key=372dd4e7-9c02-ddb0-d14b-0b23ce54e142' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "template\_id": "50002\_20011",

  "task\_name": "Task1 for mega sale",

  "end\_time": 1744344885,

  "channel": "TIKTOK\_IM",

  "product\_ids": \[

    8646958016719848000

  \],

  "coupon\_ids": \[

    8646958016719848000

  \]

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "task\_id": "475910475643"

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

68009001​

 | 

Access denied. This endpoint is not available for this shop as the seller does not meet the access criteria for CRM features. See TikTok Shop Academy for details.​

 |
| 

68009005​

 | 

Failed to create an engagement task. Error details:​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
