# POSTSearch Creator Target Collaborations

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/search-creator-target-collaborations-202405
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:58:48.224Z

---

Search Creator Target Collaborations

​Creator

​

Required scope:

​creator.affiliate\_collaboration.read

​

This API is used to search for creator's target collaborations and the products within these target collaborations.​

Version

202405

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/affiliate\_creator/202405/target\_collaborations/search​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The creator access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 1. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a362dccb8030ea6f98c) to get creator access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​

 |
| 

page\_size​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. Valid range: \[0-100\].​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

shop\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The TikTok Shop identifier.​

 |
| 

keyword\_type​

 | 

string​

 | 

Target collaborations in the response are restricted to the the expressed type. This is an enumerated wtype with values:​

\- TARGET\_COLLABORATIONS\_ID​

\- TARGET\_COLLABORATIONS\_NAME​

​

TARGET\_COLLABORATIONS\_ID returns target collaborations with state set to LIVE, EXPIRED, DELETED, and ENDED. ​

​

TARGET\_COLLABORATIONS\_NAME returns target collaborations with state set to LIVE only.​

 |
| 

keyword​

 | 

string​

 | 

Target collaborations in the response are restricted to the expressed name. ​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/affiliate\_creator/202405/target\_collaborations/search?page\_token=b2Zmc2V0PTAK&page\_size=20&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-d '{

  "shop\_id": "789078671231",

  "keyword\_type": "TARGET\_COLLABORATIONS\_ID",

  "keyword": "12312312"

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "total\_count": 100,

    "next\_page\_token": "b2Zmc2V0PTAK",

    "target\_collaborations": \[

      {

        "id": "789078671231123124",

        "name": "target\_collaboration",

        "status": "LIVE",

        "products": \[

          {

            "id": "1729432087292775344",

            "title": "Blue t-shirt",

            "main\_image\_url": "https://p16-oec-va.ibyteimg.com/tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/fa0387fa5a204dcfa44d5be75877a163~tplv-o3syd03w52-origin-webp.webp?from=3478900499",

            "commission": {

              "rate": 1000,

              "amount": "121.23",

              "currency": "USD"

            }

          }

        \]

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| Empty. No business logic error codes. |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
