# POSTSearch Products

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/search-products-202502
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:27:23.805Z

---

Search Products

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.product.basic

​

Retrieve a list of products that meet the specified conditions. ​

This API will only return the key product properties. You can pass a returned product ID to the [Get Product API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6509d85b4a0bb702c057fdda) to obtain more details about the product.​

Version

202502

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/product/202502/products/search​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

page\_size​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. ​

Valid range: \[1-100\]​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

status​

 | 

string​

 | 

Filter products based on the product's base version. In other words, this filter does not apply to post-live drafts or edits. For example, status=DRAFT returns only unpublished products in the DRAFT state, not live products with an active draft.​

​

Possible values: ​

\- ALL​

\- DRAFT​

\- PENDING​

\- FAILED​

\- ACTIVATE​

\- SELLER\_DEACTIVATED​

\- PLATFORM\_DEACTIVATED​

\- FREEZE​

\- DELETED​

Default: ALL​

 |
| 

seller\_skus​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Filter products by these seller SKU codes.​

 |
| 

create\_time\_ge​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter products to show only those that are created on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​

​

Note:​

create\_time\_ge and create\_time\_le together constitute the creation time filter condition.​

\- If create\_time\_ge is filled but create\_time\_le is empty, create\_time\_le will default to the current time.​

\- If create\_time\_le is filled but create\_time\_ge is empty, create\_time\_ge will default to the earliest shop time.​

 |
| 

create\_time\_le​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter products to show only those that are created on or before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​

Refer to notes in create\_time\_ge for more usage information.​

 |
| 

update\_time\_ge​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter products to show only those that are updated on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​

​

Note:​

update\_time\_ge and update\_time\_le together define the update time filter condition.​

\- If update\_time\_ge is filled but update\_time\_le is empty, update\_time\_le will default to the current time.​

\- If update\_time\_le is filled but update\_time\_ge is empty, update\_time\_ge will default to the earliest shop time.​

 |
| 

update\_time\_le​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter products to show only those that are updated on or before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​

Refer to notes in update\_time\_ge for more usage information.​

 |
| 

category\_version​

 | 

string​

 | 

Filter products by the category tree version.​

Possible values based on region:​

\- US: v2, represents the 7-level category tree.​

\- Other regions: v1, represents the 3-level category tree.​

Default: Return all products from both v1 and v2 category trees.​

 |
| 

listing\_quality\_tiers​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Filter products by their listing quality tier.​

Possible values:​

\- POOR​

\- FAIR​

\- GOOD​

Default: Returns all​

Note: Available only for the US market.​

 |
| 

listing\_platforms​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Filter products by the listing platforms.​

Possible values:​

\- TOKOPEDIA​

\- TIKTOK\_SHOP​

Default: Return all products regardless of their listing platform.​

​

Applicable only for sellers that migrated from Tokopedia.​

Note:​

\- You must also specify a status value other than ALL when filtering by listing platforms. Returning all statuses is not supported.​

\- If you pass in one platform, the search will return products that are listed on that platform, including those that are listed on both platforms.​

\- If you pass in \["TIKTOK\_SHOP", "TOKOPEDIA"\], only products listed on both platforms will be returned, not those listed on just one.​

 |
| 

audit\_status​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Filter products by their audit status for TikTok Shop.​

Possible values: ​

\- AUDITING: Returns products where the base version or a post-live edit is currently being audited.​

\- FAILED: Returns products where the base version or a post-live edit has failed audit, or had the audit cancelled.​

\- APPROVED: Returns products that passed the audit and has been listed on the platform.​

 |
| 

sku\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Filter products by SKU IDs.​

Max count: 10​

 |
| 

sns\_filter​

 | 

string​

 | 

Filter products by their Subscribe and Save (SNS) status. Possible values:​

\- CONFIGURED​

\- ELIGIBLE​

 |
| 

return\_draft\_version​

 | 

bool​

 | 

Filter products to show only those that have a draft.​

\- true: Returns products in their draft version only. Excludes those without a draft.​

\- false: Returns all products regardless of whether they have a draft.​

Default: false​

​

Note: Applicable only if the product status filter is ALL, DRAFT, ACTIVATE, SELLER\_DEACTIVATED, or PLATFORM\_DEACTIVATED.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202502/products/search?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&page\_size=100&page\_token=b2Zmc2V0PTAK' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-d '{

  "status": "ALL",

  "seller\_skus": \[

    "Color-Red-XM001"

  \],

  "create\_time\_ge": 1694309208,

  "create\_time\_le": 1694319208,

  "update\_time\_ge": 1694319208,

  "update\_time\_le": 1694319208,

  "category\_version": "v1",

  "listing\_quality\_tiers": \[

    "POOR",

    "FAIR"

  \],

  "listing\_platforms": \[

    "TIKTOK\_SHOP"

  \],

  "audit\_status": \[

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "total\_count": 200,

    "products": \[

      {

        "id": "1729592969712207008",

        "title": "Short Boat Invisible Socks",

        "status": "ACTIVATE",

        "skus": \[

          {

            "id": "1729592969712207012",

            "seller\_sku": "Color-Red-XM01",

            "price": {

              "currency": "USD",

              "tax\_exclusive\_price": "111.01",

              "sale\_price": "121.11"

            },

            "inventory": \[

              {

                "warehouse\_id": "7068517275539719942",

                "quantity": 999,

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

12019027​

 | 

The maximum count of “seller\_skus” in the search filter is 10.​

 |
| 

12019087​

 | 

The number of SKU IDs exceeds the limit of 10​

 |
| 

12019108​

 | 

page number is invalid​

 |
| 

12019109​

 | 

page size is invalid​

 |
| 

12019118​

 | 

search create time invalid​

 |
| 

12019119​

 | 

search update time invalid​

 |
| 

12052180​

 | 

The total number of search results can not exceed 10000.​

 |
| 

12052700​

 | 

The seller is inactive.​

 |
| 

12052704​

 | 

seller id not exist​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

12052910​

 | 

Invalid input parameters. Refer to the API documentation for details.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
