# GETGet Video Performances

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-video-performances-202403
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:49:57.136Z

---

Get Video Performances

​Creator

​

Required scope:

​creator.video.write

​

This is a US-creator-only API for now. And it is for getting Tiktok E-commerce video metrics(incliding anchor\_display\_rate, ctr, orders, items\_sold, gmv) to analysis.​

Version

202403

API Testing Tool​

​

GET

/analytics/202403/videos/performances​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The creator access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 1. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a362dccb8030ea6f98c) to get creator access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

video\_ids​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Collection of video IDs for retrieving the e-commerce metrics. Callers must ensure that all video IDs share the same author ID. Limit collection size 100. Use "," to separate array elements when send in the query.​

 |
| 

start\_time\_ge​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Start date for the metrics, set with a one-day delay from today due to latency in the data pipeline. The start\_time parameter must be within the last 180 days from the current date. Only date value is processed, hour/mininute/second values will be ignored. ​

For example, if the start\_time value is: 1703507696 ("26-12-2023 04:34:56"), backend service will only consider the part "26-12-2023" when doing the query because by default, in offline data analytics, there is no hour/min/sec data level. ​

 |
| 

end\_time\_le​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

End date for the metrics, set with a one-day delay from today due to latency in the data pipeline. Only date value is processed, hour/mininute/second values will be ignored. ​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

curl \-X GET \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/analytics/202403/videos/performances?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&video\_ids=7341286689295469829,7271486684427046149&start\_time\_ge=1704091445&end\_time\_le=1711356201' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "videos": \[

      {

        "id": "7271486684427046149",

        "performances": \[

          {

            "time\_range": {

              "start\_time": 1704067200,

              "end\_time": 1704067200

            },

            "metrics": {

              "anchor\_display\_rate": "0.64",

              "click\_through\_rate": "0.08",

              "order\_count": 3,

              "item\_sold\_count": 3,

              "gmv": {

                "amount": "27.85",

                "currency": "USD"

              }

            }

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| Empty. No business logic error codes. |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
