# GETGet Withdrawals

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-withdrawals-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:49:18.982Z

---

Get Withdrawals

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.finance.info

​

Get the list of the withdrawal records (when Seller's withdraw money from TikTokShop) based on the specified date range. ​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

GET

/finance/202309/withdrawals​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

create\_time\_lt​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp representing the end of transactions time range one wants to request​

 |
| 

types​

Required​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

The type of transaction.​

Possible values:​

\- WITHDRAW：The action of the seller to receive the settlement amount to the bank card through the action of withdrawal​

\- SETTLE：The platform settles the amount to the seller​

\- TRANSFER：Platform subsidies or deductions due to platform policies​

\- REVERSE：Withdrawal failure due to incorrect bank card ​

 |
| 

page\_size​

 | 

int​

 | 

The default is 20, it must be positive integer,the range is 1-100​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

The next page token​

 |
| 

create\_time\_ge​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp representing the start of transactions time range one wants to request​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

curl \-X GET \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/finance/202309/withdrawals?create\_time\_ge=1623812664&timestamp\=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&types=WITHDRAW,SETTLE&page\_size=20&page\_token=6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT&create\_time\_lt=1623812664' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "next\_page\_token": "6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT",

    "total\_count": 1,

    "withdrawals": \[

      {

        "id": "EFASDFSAFDA23432DFAFDSA",

        "type": "WITHDRAW",

        "amount": "100",

        "currency": "IDR",

        "status": "PROCESSING",

        "create\_time": 1623812664

      }

    \]

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

22005007​

 | 

given merchant does not exist​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
