# PUTUpdate Target Collaboration

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/update-target-collaboration-202508
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-21T00:05:40.157Z

---

Update Target Collaboration

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.affiliate\_collaboration.write

​

This API is used by Seller to update STANDARD target collaboration.​

Version

202508

API Testing Tool​

​

PUT

/affiliate\_seller/202508/target\_collaborations/{target\_collaboration\_id}​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

target\_collaboration\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The unique id of specific target collaboration. ​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

name​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The name of the target collaboration.​

 |
| 

end\_time​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The end time of the target collaboration.​

 |
| 

products​

Required​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

The information about the products provided by the seller for target collaboration with creators in the target collaboration.​

The maximum number of products is 100.​

When a product is deleted from the product list, if the deleted product has been added to the showcase by the creator, it will take effect at 0:00 the next day, otherwise it will take effect immediately.​

 |
| 

creator\_user\_open\_ids​

Required​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

The list of Creators' TikTok User Open IDs invited in the target collaboration. The maximum number of creators is 50. [More details](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/3obfokj6)​

 |
| 

seller\_contact\_info​

Required​

 | 

object​

 | 

Contact information for the seller in the target collaboration.​

 |
| 

free\_sample\_rule​

Required​

 | 

object​

 | 

The free sample rules set by the seller in the target collaboration.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

curl \-X PUT \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/affiliate\_seller/202508/target\_collaborations/7890786712312312?sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "name": "openapi\_test",

  "end\_time": "1715654330",

  "products": \[

    {

      "id": "789078671231312312",

      "commission\_rate": 1000,

      "target\_ad\_commission\_rate": 1000

    }

  \],

  "creator\_user\_open\_ids": \[

    "123123213213"

  \],

  "seller\_contact\_info": {

    "email": "test@bytedance.com",

    "phone\_number": "1234567890",

    "whatsapp": "1234567890",

    "telegram": "1234567890",

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "target\_collaboration\_conflicts": \[

      {

        "creator\_user\_open\_id": "7494656937121841111",

        "product\_id": "789078671231"

      }

    \],

    "update\_failed": {

      "remove\_creator\_open\_ids": \[

        "12345"

      \],

      "remove\_product\_ids": \[

        "12345"

      \],

      "add\_creator\_open\_ids": \[

        "12345"

      \],

      "add\_products": {

        "id": "789078671231312312",

        "commission\_rate": 1000

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

16024004​

 | 

test account and non test account can not cross invite​

 |
| 

16024006​

 | 

The seller cannot invite their official creator.​

 |
| 

16024008​

 | 

There are products that do not belong to this merchant.​

 |
| 

16024016​

 | 

The invitation failed because the creator is already linked with a shop account.​

 |
| 

16024018​

 | 

seller can not invite his block creator​

 |
| 

16024019​

 | 

in sufficient quota to create invitation​

 |
| 

16024020​

 | 

remove excluded creators to create invitation​

 |
| 

16024021​

 | 

invitation contains creator exceed follower limit​

 |
| 

36009007​

 | 

request timeout​

 |
| 

50001701​

 | 

target collaboration has expired​

 |
| 

50001702​

 | 

Your invitation target contains an unavailable creator or product. Please check your request params.Remove the unavailable creator or product id and try again.​

 |
| 

50001703​

 | 

The request parameters contain sensitive words.​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

98001004​

 | 

Parameter {param\_name} is invalid. Reason: {reason}. Expected: {expected\_value}​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
