# POSTApprove Return

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/approve-return-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:46:19.569Z

---

Approve Return

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.return\_refund.basic

​

Use this API to approve a buyer's return request. The exact effect depends on the return type and return status. Before calling this API, make sure the return is still awaiting a seller action that matches the decision you are sending.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/return\_refund/202309/returns/{return\_id}/approve​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

return\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The unique identifier of the return request to be approved by the seller.​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

idempotency\_key​

 | 

string​

 | 

The idempotency key is a unique value generated by the client which the server uses to recognize the same request. How you create unique keys is up to you, but we suggest using UUIDs, or another random string with enough entropy to avoid collisions. Idempotency keys can be up to 255 characters long.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

decision​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Seller's decision for the return request, available values:​

\- APPROVE\_REFUND: seller approve a refund-only request​

\- APPROVE\_RETURN: seller approve the initial return-and-refund request​

\- APPROVE\_RECEIVED\_PACKAGE: seller approve return-and-refund request after the buyer has already shipped or handed over the item.​

\- APPROVE\_REPLACEMENT: seller approve replacement request​

\- ISSUE\_REPLACEMENT\_REFUND: seller decline the replacement request and directly refund the buyer instead.​

\- OFFER\_PARTIAL\_REFUND: seller offers a partial refund amount to the buyer without requiring the item(s) to be returned.​

\- DIRECT\_REFUND: seller issues a returnless refund, meaning the buyer receives a full refund and keeps the item​

 |
| 

buyer\_keep\_item​

 | 

bool​

 | 

Optional. Use this field only when decision is set to APPROVE\_RETURN. If set to true, the seller issues a returnless refund, which means the buyer receives a full refund and keeps the item.​

 |
| 

partial\_refund​

 | 

object​

 | 

Required. when decision is set to OFFER\_PARTIAL\_REFUND Omit this field for all other decisions.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/return\_refund/202309/returns/4035319218955782461/approve?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&idempotency\_key=40b456b1-78e7-412d-9fe6-82181496e1bd' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "decision": "APPROVE\_REFUND",

  "buyer\_keep\_item": true,

  "partial\_refund": {

    "currency": "IDR",

    "amount": "10"

  }

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {},

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

11050001​

 | 

invalid param​

 |
| 

25001001​

 | 

An invalid request parameter was passed. Please check that you have the correct parameter type(s) and format.​

 |
| 

25001003​

 | 

Invalid order status.​

 |
| 

25001028​

 | 

reverse lock failed​

 |
| 

25001044​

 | 

ConfirmReceive fulfillment order failed ​

 |
| 

25001058​

 | 

reverse downstream data load error​

 |
| 

25007006​

 | 

Order not found.​

 |
| 

25007007​

 | 

ReverseOrderExistNegotiate​

 |
| 

25011010​

 | 

request has been transferred to platform operator​

 |
| 

25011012​

 | 

reverse status cannot approve application​

 |
| 

25011013​

 | 

reverse status cannot approve receive​

 |
| 

25011023​

 | 

forbid process authentic guarantee order​

 |
| 

25011026​

 | 

forbid process receive for FBT order​

 |
| 

25011032​

 | 

ReverseInvalidStatusPartialRefund​

 |
| 

25020004​

 | 

decision not match reverse type​

 |
| 

25020005​

 | 

No permission to process this order​

 |
| 

25020008​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

25020009​

 | 

reverse already cancelled​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
