# POSTGet product reviews

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-product-reviews-202605
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:57:23.449Z

---

Get product reviews

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​

Exports public TikTok Shop product and order reviews in batches (via product or order IDs) for ISVs and sellers to integrate into external systems; excludes PII and hidden/removed reviews.​

Version

202605

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/review\_rating/202605/product\_reviews/search​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

page\_size​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of reviews to return per page. Min: 1, Max: 100. Defaults to 50.​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

A token for pagination, used to retrieve the next page of results. Obtained from the next\_page\_token field of a previous response.​

 |
| 

sort\_field​

 | 

string​

 | 

The field to sort the results by. Defaults to create\_time.​

Possible values:​

create\_time​

update\_time​

 |
| 

sort\_order​

 | 

string​

 | 

The order to sort the results by create\_time. Supported values: ASC (ascending) or DESC (descending). Defaults to DESC.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

tiktok\_product\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

An array of TikTok product IDs to retrieve reviews for. ​

Required if order\_ids or other product identifiers are not provided. Maximum of 50 IDs per request.​

 |
| 

external\_product\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

An array of external product or SKU identifiers used in an external ecommerce platform. ​

An external identifier used in an external e-commerce platform. This is used to associate the product between TikTok Shop and the external e-commerce platform. ​

Required if order\_ids or other product identifiers are not provided. Maximum of 50 IDs per request.​

 |
| 

seller\_skus​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

An array of unique identifiers that sellers use to track and manage their inventory. Seller SKU is defined by the seller. ​

An internal code/name for managing SKUs, not visible to buyers.​

 |
| 

product\_identifier\_codes​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

An array of internationally regulated identifier codes, including GTIN, EAN, UPC, or ISBN.​

Required if order\_ids or other product identifiers are not provided. Maximum of 50 IDs per request.​

 |
| 

order\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

An array of order IDs to retrieve reviews for. ​

Required if product identifiers are not provided. Maximum of 50 IDs per request.​

 |
| 

review\_start\_time​

 | 

string​

 | 

The start date to filter reviews. Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ. GMT (UTC+00:00). "2026-03-25T10:45:00Z"​

 |
| 

review\_end\_time​

 | 

string​

 | 

The end date to filter reviews. Format: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ. GMT (UTC+00:00). "2026-03-25T10:45:00Z"​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/review\_rating/202605/product\_reviews/search?timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&page\_size=10&page\_token=b2Zmc2V0PTAK&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&app\_key=38abcd&sort\_field=create\_time&sort\_order=DESC' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "tiktok\_product\_ids": \[

    "123",

    "456"

  \],

  "external\_product\_ids": \[

    "123",

    "456"

  \],

  "seller\_skus": \[

    "sku"

  \],

  "product\_identifier\_codes": \[

    "036000291452"

  \],

  "order\_ids": \[

    "123",

    "456"

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "code": 0,

    "message": "Success",

    "data": {

      "reviews": \[

        {

          "review": {

            "review\_id": "1234",

            "shop\_id": "1234",

            "tiktok\_product\_id": "1234",

            "external\_product\_id": "1234",

            "seller\_sku": "1234",

            "product\_identifier\_code": "1234",

            "order\_id": "1234",

            "rating": 5,

            "title": "example title",

            "content": "Great review",

            "review\_media": \[

              {

                "media": {

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

32001006​

 | 

Required fields are missing, include them and try again.​

 |
| 

32002017​

 | 

This app is not authorized to use this API. Please contact your partner manager to request access.​

 |
| 

32002032​

 | 

TIKTOK\_PRODUCT\_ID must be a 16-digit number generated by TikTok Shop.​

 |
| 

32002033​

 | 

EXTERNAL\_PRODUCT\_ID must be a numeric value with up to 16 digits.​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

32002043​

 | 

Only one product ID can be used to look up reviews​

 |
| 

32002044​

 | 

Product ID and Order ID cannot be passed at the same time​

 |
| 

32002045​

 | 

Too many orders or product IDs. A single API call can only include up to 50.​

 |
| 

32002046​

 | 

Invalid date format. review\_start\_time and review\_end\_time must use ISO 8601 format (e.g 2026-03-25T10:45:00Z)​

 |
| 

32002047​

 | 

review\_start\_time must be before review\_end\_time​

 |
| 

32002048​

 | 

Page size should be greater than 0 and no larger than 50​

 |
| 

32002049​

 | 

Page token is invalid​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
