# POSTCreator Search Affiliate Trace Orders

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/creator-search-affiliate-trace-orders-202505
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:59:42.253Z

---

Creator Search Affiliate Trace Orders

​Creator

​

Required scope:

​creator.affiliate.share\_link.read

​

This API allows the partner to retrieve a list of affiliate orders generated by a creator, returning the order ID and the product ID. Using this, the partner can track their affiliate-conversions on behalf of a creator, using the order ID.​

Version

202505

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/affiliate\_creator/202505/orders/trace/search​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The creator access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 1. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a362dccb8030ea6f98c) to get creator access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​

 |
| 

page\_size​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. Default: 20​

Valid Range: \[1-100\]​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

time\_ge​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter orders to include only those with the specified time\_type timestamp greater than or equal to time\_ge and less than time\_lt. Unix timestamp.​

Note:​

time\_ge and time\_lt together constitute the creation time filter condition.​

 |
| 

time\_lt​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter orders to include only those with the specified time\_type timestamp greater than or equal to time\_ge and less than time\_lt.Unix timestamp.​

 |
| 

time\_type​

 | 

string​

 | 

Specifies the type of timestamp to filter the orders by. The query time range (time\_ge and time\_lt) will be applied to the selected time type.​

Possible values:​

\- PAY\_TIME: Filter based on the order payment time.​

\- DELIVERY\_TIME: Filter based on the order delivery/shipment time.​

\- SETTLE\_TIME: Filter based on the order settlement time.​

\- CREATE\_TIME (default): Filter based on the order creation time.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/affiliate\_creator/202505/orders/trace/search?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&page\_token=asdasdaszz&page\_size=50' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "time\_ge": 1719807456000,

  "time\_lt": 1728443155000,

  "time\_type": "PAY\_TIME"

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "orders": \[

      {

        "id": 789078671231123100,

        "status": "SETTLED",

        "skus": \[

          {

            "id": "1729793769377925388",

            "product\_id": "1729793769377859852",

            "price": {

              "amount": "Rp9.900",

              "currency": "IDR"

            },

            "quantity": 2,

            "commission\_rate": 1000,

            "estimated\_commission\_base": {

              "amount": "Rp9.900",

              "currency": "IDR"

            },

            "actual\_commission": {

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
