# POSTUpdate Shipping Info

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/update-shipping-info-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:39:24.062Z

---

Update Shipping Info

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.logistics

​

If the seller entered an incorrect tracking number, this API allows the seller to update the tracking number and shipping provider for an order that has already been shipped.​

​

\- This API is only applicable to orders (or packages) shipped by the seller. ​

\- It is only used to update the tracking number and shipping provider for packages that have already been shipped. ​

\- For orders that have been split for shipping, please use the [Update Package Shipping Info API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650aa666c16ffe02b8f1203c?external_id=650aa666c16ffe02b8f1203c). ​

​

Please note that TikTok Shop only allows merchants to update shipping information within 72 hours after shipping.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/fulfillment/202309/orders/{order\_id}/shipping\_info/update​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

order\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

TikTok Shop order ID.​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

tracking\_number​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The shipment tracking number provided by the carrier.​

 |
| 

shipping\_provider\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Identifies the carrier that will deliver the package. Please call [Get Shipping Providers API](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650aa48d4a0bb702c06d85cd?external_id=650aa48d4a0bb702c06d85cd#Back To Top>) to retrieve the available shipping provider(s).​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/fulfillment/202309/orders/576461413038785752/shipping\_info/update?timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "tracking\_number": "576460868968549926",

  "shipping\_provider\_id": "6965352555291346690"

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {},

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

10007002​

 | 

Current order is not a merchant blind box order.​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

21011001​

 | 

Package not found. If the error persists, please contact the platform for assistance.​

 |
| 

21011004​

 | 

This API cannot be used to update package shipping information for packages that are not shipped by sellers.​

 |
| 

21011007​

 | 

Package item has after-sale request, please process the after-sale request first.​

 |
| 

21011022​

 | 

Invalid tracking number or provider ID. Please double check and try again.​

 |
| 

21011028​

 | 

The package does not belong to the current shop. ​

 |
| 

21011030​

 | 

Package has already been delivered. If you would still like to update the tracking number, please contact the platform for assistance.​

 |
| 

21011041​

 | 

Cannot complete the operation when order is cancelled.​

 |
| 

21011042​

 | 

Cannot complete the operation when order is cancelled.​

 |
| 

21011043​

 | 

The package has not been shipped yet.​

 |
| 

21011049​

 | 

Due to platform rule limitations, you are unable to update the tracking number.​

 |
| 

25001010​

 | 

A return request has already been completed, or the order has already been cancelled.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
