# POSTSend Message

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/send-message-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:55:02.515Z

---

Send Message

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.customer\_service

​

Use this API to send a message to the buyer in a conversation.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/customer\_service/202309/conversations/{conversation\_id}/messages​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

conversation\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Conversation ID​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Message type. Possible enumerations:​

\- TEXT​

\- IMAGE​

\- VIDEO​

\- PRODUCT\_CARD​

\- ORDER\_CARD​

\- RETURN\_REFUND\_CARD​

\- COUPON\_CARD​

\- LOGISTICS\_CARD​

 |
| 

content​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Message content, in JSON serialized string.​

​

Examples of content for each type of message are listed below:​

​​

\- TEXT:​

{​

"content": "hi, I want to get refunded."​

}​

(Note: Max 2000 characters. Do not use sensitive words that violate TikTok Shop terms & policies.)​

​

\- VIDEO​

{​

"vid": "v10394g5000cd499vc7og65mqn3r3dg0"​

}​

​

\- LOGISTICS\_CARD​

{​

"order\_id": "580874485811283206",​

"package\_id": "123456" // Optional (recommended for one order with multiple packages; not required for one order with one package)​

}​

​​

\- PRODUCT\_CARD​

{​

"product\_id": "7494560109732334265"​

}​

​​

\- ORDER\_CARD:​

{​

"order\_id": "7494560109732334267"​

}​

​

\- RETURN\_REFUND\_CARD:​

{​

"order\_id": "7494560109732334267",​

"sku\_id": "7494560109732363423"​

}​

Note: The order of the RETURN\_REFUND\_CARD to send must meet after-sale conditions. To check the eligibility, use [Get Aftersale Eligibility](650ab645c16ffe02b8f2e1c1).​

​​

\- IMAGE:​

{​

"url":"[https://p16-oec-va.ibyteimg.com/tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/2ca53c34ad8443e6b39f4e0153d3aed4~tplv-o3syd03w52-origin-image.image?from=1320446476](https://p16-oec-va.ibyteimg.com/tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/2ca53c34ad8443e6b39f4e0153d3aed4~tplv-o3syd03w52-origin-image.image?from=1320446476)",​

"width": 1280,​

"height": 720​

}​

​

Note: You can get the value of url by calling [Upload Buyer Messages Image](650a599d0fcef602bf2a1dc8).​

​

\- COUPON\_CARD:​

{​

"coupon\_id": "7262992004278206762"​

}​

Note: Coupons that can be sent in a message must meet all the following conditions:​

1\. display\_type==CHAT or display\_type==REGULAR​

2\. status==ONGOING​

3\. creation\_source==SELLER\_CENTER​

4\. target\_buyer\_segment!=REPEAT\_CUSTOMERS​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/customer\_service/202309/conversations/7494560109732334262/messages?sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "type": "TEXT",

  "content": "{\\"content\\": \\"test\\"}"

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "message\_id": "7494560109732334261"

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

45101001​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again later or contact the technical support team for help.​

 |
| 

45101002​

 | 

Invalid params. The RETURN\_REFUND\_CARD must meet the conditions listed above.​

 |
| 

45101003​

 | 

Record not found. Please check the parameters.​

 |
| 

45101004​

 | 

The query quota has been reached (10000 request per day). Please try again tomorrow.​

 |
| 

45101006​

 | 

You cannot send the message containing sensitive content. Please check the message.​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

45102007​

 | 

No permission to access this conversation. There may be data corruption. Please try again later or contact the technical support team for help.​

 |
| 

45109001​

 | 

Unable to send messages due to conversation rules. For details, please refer to [Customer Service API overview](<659645f9a46cdd02bc8aeacf#Important Concepts>).​

 |
| 

45111001​

 | 

not support​

 |
| 

45111007​

 | 

The buyer has already reached the maximum claim limit for this coupon.​

 |
| 

45111012​

 | 

Failed to send the coupon card message due to exceeding the QPS limit. The QPS limit of sending coupon card messages is 0.5.​

 |
| 

45111017​

 | 

Invalid params. The COUPON\_CARD must meet the conditions listed above.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
