# DELDelete Products

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/delete-products-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:26:54.832Z

---

Delete Products

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.product.delete

​

Delete non-frozen products that you no longer need.​

For the Indonesia market: You can only delete products that are not frozen on all listing platforms. If the product is frozen on any platform, it cannot be deleted.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

DEL

/product/202309/products​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

product\_ids​

Required​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

The product IDs to delete.​

Max number of IDs: 20.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

curl \-X DELETE \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202309/products?sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "product\_ids": \[

    "1749456684124612452",

    "1742456684124612451"

  \]

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "errors": \[

      {

        "code": 12052048,

        "message": "You can't edit other sellers' products.",

        "detail": {

          "product\_id": "1729382588639839583"

        }

      }

    \]

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

12019120​

 | 

The number of provided product IDs exceeds the limit.​

 |
| 

12052032​

 | 

The product does not exist​

 |
| 

12052048​

 | 

You cannot edit the specified product(s) as it isn't listed in your account or shop.​

 |
| 

12052332​

 | 

The seller center is locked during shop integration, only editing stock and price is allowed​

 |
| 

12052371​

 | 

Auction product is bidding when it is not supported to change product info​

 |
| 

12052377​

 | 

The product has dt stocks, not allow to delete.​

 |
| 

12052700​

 | 

The seller is inactive.​

 |
| 

12052703​

 | 

Invalid seller tax number​

 |
| 

12052705​

 | 

seller can not manage local product.​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

12052901​

 | 

The product in its current status is not available for this operation. Change the product status and try again.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
