# POSTSeller Search Creator on Marketplace

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/seller-search-creator-on-marketplace-202508
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-21T00:03:30.272Z

---

Seller Search Creator on Marketplace

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.creator\_marketplace.read

​

This API is used by Sellers to search for Creators in the Creator Marketplace. Sellers can search based on filters such as GMV, keywords, and Creator follower demographics. All the data returned is for the last 30 days.​

Version

202508

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/affiliate\_seller/202508/marketplace\_creators/search​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

Pagination offset determines where you begin to search for. It's empty when raise your first request​

 |
| 

page\_size​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The value of "page\_size" must be 12 or 20​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

search\_key​

 | 

string​

 | 

Caching search results improves api performance and ensures stable request results.​

You don't need to pass a value on the first call. ​

For the second call, please pass the value returned in the response of the first call.​

 |
| 

keyword​

 | 

string​

 | 

Searching creators by keyword, matching based on TikTok Username and Nickname.​

 |
| 

follower\_demographics​

 | 

object​

 | 

Filtering creators by follower demographics​

 |
| 

gmv\_ranges​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Filtering by GMV range intervals which include: ​

GMV\_RANGE\_0\_100: "0-100", ​

GMV\_RANGE\_100\_1000: "100-1000", ​

GMV\_RANGE\_1000\_10000: "1000-10000", ​

GMV\_RANGE\_10000\_AND\_ABOVE: "10000+"​

For example: ​

\- If GMV\_RANGE\_0\_100 is passed, it means filtering the creator data that is greater than or equal to 0 and less than or equal to 100.​

\- If GMV\_RANGE\_0\_100 and GMV\_RANGE\_100\_1000 are passed, it means to filter the creator data that is greater than or equal to 0 and less than or equal to 1000.​

 |
| 

units\_sold\_ranges​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Filtering by sales volume range intervals which include: ​

UNITS\_SOLD\_RANGE\_0\_10: "0-10", ​

UNITS\_SOLD\_RANGE\_10\_100: "10-100", ​

UNITS\_SOLD\_RANGE\_100\_1000: "100-1000", ​

UNITS\_SOLD\_RANGE\_1000\_AND\_ABOVE: "1000+"​

For example: ​

\- If UNITS\_SOLD\_RANGE\_0\_10 is passed, it means filtering the creator data that is greater than or equal to 0 and less than or equal to 10.​

\- If UNITS\_SOLD\_RANGE\_0\_10 and UNITS\_SOLD\_RANGE\_10\_100 are passed, it means to filter the creator data that is greater than or equal to 0 and less than or equal to 100.​

 |
| 

category​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

Object for category filters: [Get Categories](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-categories-202309)​

 |
| 

content\_performance​

 | 

object​

 | 

Object containing content performance filters​

 |
| 

affiliate\_data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Object which contains affiliate based data​

 |
| 

advanced\_filters​

 | 

object​

 | 

Advanced filters are specific to each country. We will provide a separate endpoint which allows you to query which filters are available for which country.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/affiliate\_seller/202508/marketplace\_creators/search?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&page\_token=b2Zmc2V0PTAK&page\_size=12' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "search\_key": "2E+0EcXoSk2HWdEWh2nITfkBRMbwuug0mt9s3fWgV0k=",

  "keyword": "JefreeStar",

  "follower\_demographics": {

    "age\_ranges": \[

      "AGE\_RANGE\_18\_24",

      "AGE\_RANGE\_35\_44"

    \],

    "count\_range": {

      "count\_ge": 1000,

      "count\_le": 10000

    },

    "gender\_distribution": {

      "gender": "MALE",

      "percentage\_ge": 6000

    }

  },

  "gmv\_ranges": \[

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "next\_page\_token": "b2Zmc2V0PTEw",

    "search\_key": "k1ChOzI9e+j5BHHHEnt+VhItjVFEkPUCCXNsrU8/v4U=",

    "creators": \[

      {

        "username": "abc",

        "nickname": "cde",

        "avatar": {

          "url": "https://p16-sign-useast2a.tiktokcdn.com/tos-useast2a-avt-0068-giso/2bf6a2485ec8bf93483e4a6ed907e6fd~c5\_720x720.webp?lk3s=a5d48078\\\\u0026x-expires=1712988000\\\\u0026x-signature=E8US22KfUCwKz0R%2FMFF6%2FMOmogs%3D"

        },

        "selection\_region": "GB",

        "category\_ids": \[

          "60001"

        \],

        "avg\_ec\_live\_uv": 1331,

        "avg\_ec\_video\_view\_count": 112,

        "follower\_count": 23241,

        "gmv": {

          "currency": "USD",

          "amount": "1232.90"

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

45101004​

 | 

The query quota has been reached (10000 request per day). Please try again tomorrow.​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
