# GETGet Affiliate Partner Campaign Product List

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-affiliate-partner-campaign-product-list-202405
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-21T00:02:09.373Z

---

Get Affiliate Partner Campaign Product List

​Asset

​

Required scope:

​partner.tap\_campaign.read

​

This API offers the ability to list products submitted by sellers in an Affiliate Partner campaign.​

Version

202405

API Testing Tool​

​

GET

/affiliate\_partner/202405/campaigns/{campaign\_id}/products​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

campaign\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The ID of the campaign.​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The partner access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 3. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3978f4c20311b8b555) to get partner access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

category\_asset\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The partner identifier used in API requests. Retrieve this value by using the [Get Authorized Category Assets API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/666012dd609d4402cc3be995). ​

 |
| 

page\_size​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page.​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​

 |
| 

review\_status​

 | 

string​

 | 

The product review status. This an enumerated type with values:​

\- PENDING​

\- APPROVED​

\- REJECTED​

\- PENDING\_CLOSED​

\- CLOSED​

 |
| 

product\_name​

 | 

string​

 | 

Filter the product list by product name. If value of product\_name is contained in product.name, the product will be included in the response.​

 |
| 

product\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Filter the product list by product ID. If value of product\_id matches [product.id](http://product.id), the product will be included in the response.​

 |
| 

shop\_name​

 | 

string​

 | 

Filter the product list by shop name. If value of shop\_name is contained in product.shop\_name, the product will be included in the response.​

 |
| 

category\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Filter the product list by category ID. If value of category\_id matches [product.category.id](http://product.category.id), or the product falls into the leaf category of the specified category, the product will be included in the response.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

curl \-X GET \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/affiliate\_partner/202405/campaigns/7373988288167036678/products?sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&category\_id=991496&product\_id=1730305356901683547&shop\_name=Test Shop&app\_key=38abcd&category\_asset\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&page\_size=10&page\_token=b2Zmc2V0PTAK&review\_status=PENDING&product\_name=sample' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "products": \[

      {

        "id": "1729442777527587334",

        "review\_status": "PENDING",

        "name": "test case number 4 test case number 4",

        "main\_image\_url": "https://p16-oec-va.ibyteimg.com/tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/fa0387fa5a204dcfa44d5be75877a163~tplv-o3syd03w52-origin-webp.webp?from=3478900499",

        "lowest\_price": {

          "currency": "USD",

          "amount": "1.1"

        },

        "highest\_price": {

          "currency": "USD",

          "amount": "12.21"

        },

        "inventory": 89,

        "shop\_name": "my\_shop",

        "total\_commission\_rate": 6600,

        "creator\_commission\_rate": 1000,

        "partner\_commission\_rate": 5600,

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

16032001​

 | 

nvalid parameter Creator and Seller, please ensure Region mismatch.​

 |
| 

16032005​

 | 

Campaign not found​

 |
| 

16032007​

 | 

Permission denied​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
