# POSTUpload File Init

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/upload-file-init-202512
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-21T00:08:56.009Z

---

Upload File Init ​

Required scope:

​seller.customer\_service

or

​creator.video.write

​

To upload a large file to Tiktok Shop (e.g., a video), follow these three steps:​

1\. Initialize the upload session for the video.​

2\. Upload the video file to the TTS server. Files smaller than 5 MB must be uploaded as a single, non‑chunked request.​

3\. Call the API corresponding to the target path and pass the ResourceId returned in step 2 as a parameter.​

​

For more detailed content, refer to the document:[https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/wfi3nz36](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/wfi3nz36)​

Version

202512

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/open/202512/file/init​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Depends on the auth type of the API. ​

1\. The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

2\. The creator access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 1. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a362dccb8030ea6f98c) to get creator access\_token.​

3\. The partner access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 3. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3978f4c20311b8b555) to get partner access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

shop\_cipher​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |
| 

category\_asset\_cipher​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return The partner identifier used in API requests. ​

Retrieve this value by using the [Get Authorized Category Assets API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/666012dd609d4402cc3be995). ​

 |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

file\_name​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

file name​

 |
| 

file\_type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Supported file types. current only support video​

 |
| 

file\_size​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

file size, bytes​

 |
| 

total\_chunk\_count​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The total number of chunks.​

 |
| 

target\_path​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

After the video is uploaded, use this interface to bind the video resource to the specific material ​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/open/202512/file/init?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "file\_name": "test.mp4",

  "file\_type": "video",

  "file\_size": 1024,

  "total\_chunk\_count": 1,

  "target\_path": "\[POST\]/affiliate\_creator/202505/videos"

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "upload\_url": "https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/file/202512/upload",

    "upload\_token": "60973947df3667c22381df233d4452fcb1a0ed59a4e79e6207805ceef5268321"

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| Empty. No business logic error codes. |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
