# POSTFulfillment Upload Delivery File

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/fulfillment-upload-delivery-file-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:39:38.955Z

---

Fulfillment Upload Delivery File

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.fulfillment.basic

​

This API is used for the seller to upload the proof of delivery file for a package, and to generate the URL of the corresponding file. The generated URL is used for the [Update Package Delivery Status API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650aa332c16ffe02b8f0ba82?external_id=650aa332c16ffe02b8f0ba82). ​

​

This API only supports uploading qualification files in PDF format. The file size can not exceed 10MB.​

​

Note: Only sellers utilizing the SOF (Seller Own Fleet) capability can use this API. ​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/fulfillment/202309/files/upload​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: multipart/form-data​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |
| 

category\_asset\_cipher​

 | 

string​

 | 

The partner identifier used in API requests. Retrieve this value by using the [Get Authorized Category Assets API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/666012dd609d4402cc3be995). ​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

data​

Required​

 | 

file​

 | 

PDF file data to be uploaded to TikTok Shop. ​

Prerequisites：​

\- Only PDF file format is supported.​

\- Original file size must not exceed 10MB.​

 |
| 

name​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The name of the uploaded file. The file name must include the file type.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/fulfillment/202309/files/upload?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&timestamp=1623812664' \\

\-H 'content-type: multipart/form-data' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-F 'data=@"file"' \\

\-F 'name=XXX.pdf'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "url": "https://maellane.bytedance.net/wsos\_v2/oec\_fulfillment\_doc\_tts/o",

    "name": "attachment\_file.pdf"

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

12038002​

 | 

Invalid upload file. Please ensure you are passing the correct file data.​

 |
| 

12038004​

 | 

Invalid file type. Please ensure you are providing a PDF file.​

 |
| 

12038005​

 | 

Invalid file size. Please ensure your file is smaller than 10MB.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
