# GETGet Product

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-product-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:27:14.543Z

---

Get Product

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.product.basic

​

Retrieve all properties of a product, except those in the FREEZE or DELETED status.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

GET

/product/202309/products/{product\_id}​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

product\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The product ID in TikTok Shop.​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

return\_under\_review\_version​

 | 

bool​

 | 

A flag to indicate what product information to retrieve if a live product (ACTIVATE status) is edited and resent for TikTok Shop review.​

\- True: Retrieves the latest version of the product information that is currently under review.​

\- False: Retrieves a snapshot of the product information that is live and online (before the edit).​

Default: False​

 |
| 

return\_draft\_version​

 | 

bool​

 | 

A flag to indicate what product information to retrieve if a product has a draft in TikTok Shop.​

\- True: Retrieves the draft version of the product information.​

\- False: Retrieves the latest product information.​

Default: False​

​

Note: ​

\- Applicable only if the product is in the DRAFT, ACTIVATE, SELLER\_DEACTIVATED, or PLATFORM\_DEACTIVATED status.​

\- This field and return\_under\_review\_version are mutually exclusive. Specify only one to receive results.​

 |
| 

locale​

 | 

string​

 | 

The locale or language.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

curl \-X GET \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202309/products/1729592969712207008?timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&return\_under\_review\_version=true&return\_draft\_version=true&locale=en' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "id": "1729592969712207008",

    "status": "SELLER\_DEACTIVATED",

    "title": "Short Boat Invisible Socks",

    "category\_chains": \[

      {

        "id": "853000",

        "parent\_id": "851848",

        "local\_name": "Botol & Stoples Penyimpanan",

        "is\_leaf": true

      }

    \],

    "brand": {

      "id": "7082427311584347905",

      "name": "brand xxx aaa"

    },

    "main\_images": \[

      {

        "height": 600,

        "width": 600,

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

12019150​

 | 

The product ID does not exist.​

 |
| 

12052032​

 | 

The product does not exist​

 |
| 

12052048​

 | 

You cannot edit the specified product(s) as it isn't listed in your account or shop.​

 |
| 

12052260​

 | 

The product ID does not exist​

 |
| 

12052547​

 | 

There is no version of this product that is under review. Please obtain the online version.​

 |
| 

12052704​

 | 

seller id not exist​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

12052901​

 | 

The product in its current status is not available for this operation. Change the product status and try again.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
