# POSTReview Affiliate Partner Campaign Product

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/review-affiliate-partner-campaign-product-202405
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-21T00:01:35.545Z

---

Review Affiliate Partner Campaign Product

​Asset

​

Required scope:

​partner.tap\_campaign.product.write

​

This API offers the ability for the TikTok Affiliate Partner to review the products submitted by the sellers. This API offers the ability for the TikTok Affiliate Partner to review the products submitted by the sellers.​

Version

202405

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/affiliate\_partner/202405/campaigns/{campaign\_id}/products/{product\_id}/review​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

campaign\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The campaign identifier.​

 |
| 

product\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The product identifier.​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The partner access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 3. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3978f4c20311b8b555) to get partner access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

category\_asset\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The partner identifier used in API requests. Retrieve this value by using the \[Get Authorized Category Assets API\] ([https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/666012dd609d4402cc3be995](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/666012dd609d4402cc3be995)). ​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

review\_result​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The product review decision by the TikTok Affiliate Partner. This is an enumerated type with values:​

\- APPROVE​

\- REJECT​

\- REJECT\_FOREVER​

 |
| 

reject\_reasons​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

If the review\_result property is set to REJECT or REJECT\_FOREVER, this property is set to the enumerated reason that the TikTok Affiliate Partner rejected the product. This is an enumerated type with values:​

\- COMMISSION\_TOO\_LOW​

\- PRODUCT\_HARD\_TO\_PROMOTE​

\- PRODUCT\_TOO\_EXPENSIVE​

\- NO\_SUITABLE\_CREATOR​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/affiliate\_partner/202405/campaigns/7373988288167036678/products/1730064726487763199/review?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&category\_asset\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "review\_result": "APPROVE",

  "reject\_reasons": \[

    "COMMISSION\_TOO\_LOW"

  \]

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {},

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

16032001​

 | 

nvalid parameter Creator and Seller, please ensure Region mismatch.​

 |
| 

16032005​

 | 

Campaign not found​

 |
| 

16032007​

 | 

Permission denied​

 |
| 

16032009​

 | 

Product operation denied, please ensure campaign is under online status.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
