# POSTDeactivate Products

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/deactivate-products-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:26:48.932Z

---

Deactivate Products

‚ÄãShop

‚Äã

Required scope:

‚Äãseller.product.basic

‚Äã

Deactivate products that are in the Activate status and hide them from buyers. The status changes to Seller\_deactivated after deactivation.‚Äã

In the event there's some issue with a product (e.g. out of stock), you can deactivate the product and hide it temporarily from buyers. When the issues are resolved, you can activate the product again by using the [Activate Product API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650306ff5a12ff0294eab4a9).‚Äã

Version

202309

API Testing Tool‚Äã

‚Äã

POST

/product/202309/products/deactivate‚Äã

Copy

‚Äã

Request‚Äã

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)‚Äã

Header

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Allowed type: application/json‚Äã

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Query

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.‚Äã

 |
| 

sign‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ‚Äã

 |
| 

timestamp‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.‚Äã

 |
| 

shop\_cipher‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ‚Äã

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Body

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

product\_ids‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

\[\]string‚Äã

 | 

The product IDs to deactivate.‚Äã

Max number of IDs: 20.‚Äã

 |
| 

listing\_platforms‚Äã

 | 

\[\]string‚Äã

 | 

The listing platforms where the product will be deactivated. ‚Äã

Possible values:‚Äã

\- TOKOPEDIA‚Äã

\- TIKTOK\_SHOP‚Äã

Default: TIKTOK\_SHOP‚Äã

‚Äã

Applicable only for sellers that migrated from Tokopedia.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

curl¬Ý\-X¬ÝPOST¬Ý\\

¬Ý'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202309/products/deactivate?timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'x-tts-access-token:¬ÝTTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'content-type:¬Ýapplication/json'¬Ý\\

\-d¬Ý'{

¬Ý¬Ý"product\_ids":¬Ý\[

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"1729592969712207008"

¬Ý¬Ý\],

¬Ý¬Ý"listing\_platforms":¬Ý\[

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"TIKTOK\_SHOP",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"TOKOPEDIA"

¬Ý¬Ý\]

}'

‚Äã

‚Äã

Response‚Äã

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.‚Äã

 |
| 

message‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.‚Äã

 |
| 

request\_id‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Request log‚Äã

 |
| 

data‚Äã

 | 

object‚Äã

 | 

Specific return information‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

{

¬Ý¬Ý"code":¬Ý0,

¬Ý¬Ý"data":¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"errors":¬Ý\[

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"code":¬Ý12052048,

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"message":¬Ý"You¬Ýcan't¬Ýedit¬Ýother¬Ýsellers'¬Ýproducts",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"detail":¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"product\_id":¬Ý"1729382588639839583"

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý}

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý}

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý\]

¬Ý¬Ý},

¬Ý¬Ý"message":¬Ý"Success",

¬Ý¬Ý"request\_id":¬Ý"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

‚Äã

‚Äã

Error Code‚Äã

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)‚Äã

| 
Code‚Äã

 | 

Message‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

12019120‚Äã

 | 

The number of provided product IDs exceeds the limit.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052032‚Äã

 | 

The product does not exist‚Äã

 |
| 

12052048‚Äã

 | 

You cannot edit the specified product(s) as it isn't listed in your account or shop.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052330‚Äã

 | 

product is not supported to list in designated sale platform‚Äã

 |
| 

12052332‚Äã

 | 

The seller center is locked during shop integration, only editing stock and price is allowed‚Äã

 |
| 

12052371‚Äã

 | 

Auction product is bidding when it is not supported to change product info‚Äã

 |
| 

12052700‚Äã

 | 

The seller is inactive.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052703‚Äã

 | 

Invalid seller tax number‚Äã

 |
| 

36009003‚Äã

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052901‚Äã

 | 

The product in its current status is not available for this operation. Change the product status and try again.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052910‚Äã

 | 

Invalid input parameters. Refer to the API documentation for details.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

‚Äã

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
