# GETGet Unsettled Transactions

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-unsettled-transactions-202507
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:49:51.140Z

---

Get Unsettled Transactions

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.finance.info

​

This API allows the partner to retrieve a list of unsettled transactions (incl. Orders & Adjustments) generated by a seller, returning the detailed fee breakdown for a list of order ID and adjustment ID. ​

For now, this API only returns transactions which were created after 2025.01.01. Once one transaction is settled, which won't be returned by this API anymore, please get from Get Statement Transaction API. ​

\*\*Pay attention to that all data returned through this API is an estimated amount which subject to change before settlement and can only used for seller's reference, final settlement amount per each transaction can only provided through statement related API.​

Version

202507

API Testing Tool​

​

GET

/finance/202507/orders/unsettled​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​

 |
| 

page\_size​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. ​

Default: 20​

Valid range: \[1-100\]​

 |
| 

sort\_field​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The returned results will be sorted by the specified field. Only supports order\_create\_time.​

 |
| 

sort\_order​

 | 

string​

 | 

The sort order for the sort\_field parameter. ​

Default: ASC ​

Possible values:​

\- ASC: Ascending order​

\- DESC: Descending order​

 |
| 

search\_time\_ge​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter statements to show only those that are generated on or after the​

specified date and time. Unix timestamp. Note:statement\_time\_ge and statement\_time\_lt together constitute the creation time filter condition. - If statement\_time\_ge is filled but statement\_time\_lt is empty, statement\_time\_lt will default to the current time. - If statement\_time\_lt is filled but statement\_time\_ge is empty, statement\_time\_ge will default to 20250101.​

 |
| 

search\_time\_lt​

 | 

int​

 | 

the search range's end time​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

curl \-X GET \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/finance/202507/orders/unsettled?timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&page\_token=WzE3MjM1MjE1ODEyNDksNzQwMjQ2ODczODU1OTI2NDUxN10&search\_time\_lt=1623812664&search\_time\_ge=1623812664&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&page\_size=20&sort\_field=1623812664&sort\_order=ASC' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "next\_page\_token": "6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT",

    "total\_count": 2,

    "sum\_est\_settlement\_amount": "100",

    "sum\_est\_revenue\_amount": "10",

    "sum\_est\_adjustment\_amount": "-10",

    "sum\_est\_fee\_amount": "-10",

    "transactions": \[

      {

        "type": "ORDER",

        "id": "1636700041413599290",

        "status": "UNSETTLED",

        "currency": "USD",

        "estimated\_settlement": "1685548800",

        "unsettled\_reason": "waiting for deliveery",

        "order\_create\_time": 1685548800,

        "order\_delivery\_time": 1685548800,

        "order\_id": "576463220456522968",

        "adjustment\_id": "7238804564097517332",

        "adjustment\_order\_id": "576463220456522968",

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
