# POSTCreate FBT MCF Order

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/create-fbt-mcf-order-202601
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:42:06.467Z

---

Create FBT MCF Order

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.fbt.info

​

For orders created on other sales channels that require fulfillment via FBT, this API enables you to create corresponding orders (hereinafter referred to as MCF Orders). Once MCF Orders are successfully created, they will be automatically submitted to the FBT system for fulfillment.​

Version

202601

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/fbt/202601/mcf\_outbound\_orders​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

external\_order\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The corresponding order ID in your OMS.​

 |
| 

goods​

Required​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

The item IDs and quantities included in the order, where the items must be those managed in the FBT system.​

​

 |
| 

consignee​

Required​

 | 

object​

 | 

The consignee contact info​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/fbt/202601/mcf\_outbound\_orders?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "external\_order\_id": "shopify202208291503530001100220033",

  "goods": \[

    {

      "id": "1234567",

      "quantity": 1

    }

  \],

  "consignee": {

    "name": "username",

    "phone\_number": "(+1)1211223910",

    "email": "username@example.com",

    "address": {

      "country\_code": "US",

      "state\_or\_region": "Alabama",

      "district\_or\_county": "Baldwin",

      "city": "Bay Minette",

      "address\_line\_1": "Apt. 302, 5th Ave",

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "mcf\_order": {

      "external\_order\_id": "shopify202208291503530001100220033",

      "mcf\_order\_id": "7136104329798256386",

      "create\_time": 1661756811

    }

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

177001001​

 | 

Missing parameters or parameters have incorrect format​

 |
| 

177001002​

 | 

Item data does not exist in the FBT system. You must provide valid item IDs; otherwise, the FBT system cannot fulfill the order.​

 |
| 

177001003​

 | 

The address information has failed verification. Please check the validity of the address, as the FBT system cannot deliver to invalid addresses.​

 |
| 

177001004​

 | 

Insufficient inventory; unable to fulfill the order. Please replenish the inventory or arrange delivery via alternative methods.​

 |
| 

177001006​

 | 

The merchant has no permission to create external orders; please check your permissions or contact the platform.​

 |
| 

177001007​

 | 

The external\_order\_number has been associated with an active MCF Order. The FBT system is currently processing the order delivery, and duplicate order creation is not allowed.​

 |
| 

177001008​

 | 

The order creation rate limit has been exceeded; please reduce the call frequency or try again later.​

 |
| 

177001009​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

177001010​

 | 

Order information cannot be retrieved via the mcf\_order\_id you provided; please check if your ID is correct.​

 |
| 

177001011​

 | 

address is unreachable​

 |
| 

177001012​

 | 

order has been pushed to fulfillment system, cannot push again​

 |
| 

177001013​

 | 

no permission,please pay for the FBT billing first​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
