# Authorization

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/faqs/7174708423559305730
> Section: FAQs
> Scraped: 2026-05-21T00:51:50.637Z

---

Authorization

What is the redirect url used for?

Why is the authorization page can't be access from the Mainland China?

What does the "state" in the authorization link mean?

Shop authorization,"Get shop list failed", what is the possible cause?

What is the reason for this error “No authorization permission for sub-account”？

What is the cause of this error “No authorization permission for online shops”？

How to unlink a shop for an app?

Can a shop connect and subscribe multiple applications?

When "/api/v2/token/get" is called, what is the length of the "open\_id" field returned by the api?

When "/api/v2/token/get" is called, will the open\_id length returned by different sellers in be the same?

Why doesn't it take effect after changed the redirect URL?

"message":"auth state is inactive; detail:Your seller account is yet to finish the onboarding review or your account is not allowed to authorize this APP due to our region restriction."

error code 105004

What time zone is used for the timestamp of the Open API? What is the accuracy to which digit?

When the seller authorizes, why prompts "No authorization permission for your account region"?

Is there any way to set multiple Redirect urls for an application?

The API "/api/token/refreshtoken" reports an error "code":36004001,"message":"rt has expired". what are the possible reasons?

What is the current logic for refresh token and access token?

What is the general reason for the error "signature is invalid" in the API call?

What could be the reason for "No permission" when sellers authorize the App?
