# POSTActivate Product

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/activate-product-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:26:41.361Z

---

Activate Product

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.product.basic

​

Activate hidden products that are in the Seller\_deactivated or Platform\_deactivated status and display them in the TikTok Shop catalog. ​

After submitting the activation request, the products will be sent to TikTok Shop for auditing and their status will change to Pending. If a product passes the audit, its status will change back to Activate. You can use the [Product status change webhook](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650956aff1fd3102b90b6261) to monitor the audit status.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/product/202309/products/activate​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

product\_ids​

Required​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

The product IDs to activate.​

Max number of IDs: 20​

 |
| 

listing\_platforms​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

The listing platforms where the product will be activated. ​

Possible values:​

\- TOKOPEDIA​

\- TIKTOK\_SHOP​

Default: TIKTOK\_SHOP​

​

Applicable only for sellers that migrated from Tokopedia.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202309/products/activate?sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp\=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&app\_key=38abcd' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "product\_ids": \[

    "1729592969712207008",

    "1729592969712207021"

  \],

  "listing\_platforms": \[

    "TIKTOK\_SHOP"

  \]

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "errors": \[

      {

        "code": 12052990,

        "message": "Check failed",

        "detail": {

          "product\_id": "1729382588639839583",

          "extra\_errors": \[

            {

              "code": 12052048,

              "message": "You can't edit other sellers' products"

            }

          \]

        }

      }

    \]

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

12019022​

 | 

SKU must contain a valid warehouse.​

 |
| 

12019120​

 | 

The number of provided product IDs exceeds the limit.​

 |
| 

12052048​

 | 

You cannot edit the specified product(s) as it isn't listed in your account or shop.​

 |
| 

12052093​

 | 

Exceeded the product listing limit for the seller.​

 |
| 

12052330​

 | 

product is not supported to list in designated sale platform​

 |
| 

12052332​

 | 

The seller center is locked during shop integration, only editing stock and price is allowed​

 |
| 

12052700​

 | 

The seller is inactive.​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

12052901​

 | 

The product in its current status is not available for this operation. Change the product status and try again.​

 |
| 

12052910​

 | 

Invalid input parameters. Refer to the API documentation for details.​

 |
| 

12052990​

 | 

The check failed.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
