# POSTCreate Activity

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/create-activity-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:34:17.008Z

---

Create Activity

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.promotion.write

​

Use this API to create a product discount activity or a flash deal activity. You cannot create a coupon activity with this API. To do that, you'll need to go to the seller center or the seller app. To update the products or SKUs included in the activity, use [Update Activity Product](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650d32c42aaa3602b86ccb5c).​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/promotion/202309/activities​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

title​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Unique name across all your activities. The length must not exceed 50 characters.​

 |
| 

activity\_type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The type of activities.​

Possible enumerations:​

\- FIXED\_PRICE: product discount activity with fixed price.​

\- DIRECT\_DISCOUNT: product discount activities with percentage off.​

\- FLASHSALE: flash sale activity.​

\- SHIPPING\_DISCOUNT: shipping fee discount.​

\- BUY\_MORE\_SAVE\_MORE: Buy more save more discount.​

\- BUY\_X\_GET\_Y: Buy X get Y.​

 |
| 

product\_level​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Activity product dimension, values are:​

​- PRODUCT: Promotion activity applies at the product (SPU) level. Any and all SKUs that are part of this product will be subject to the promotion.​

​- VARIATION: Promotion activity only applies to specified SKUs.​

​- SHOP: Promotion activity applies to all products in the shop.​

When activity\_type is SHIPPING\_DISCOUNT, the product\_level can not be VARIATION.​

To set the products or SKUs covered by the activity, use [Update Activity Product](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/650d32c42aaa3602b86ccb5c).​

 |
| 

duration\_type​

 | 

string​

 | 

The effective time type of the current activity​

\- NORMAL: begin\_time and end\_time must be filled​

\- INDEFINITE: begin\_time and end\_time aren't required, and the promotion will be a long-term activity which runs indefinitely. ​

1\. INDEFINITE is only valid when activity\_type is SHIPPING\_DISCOUNT,​

2\. If duration\_type is INDEFINITE, start\_time and end\_time should be 0​

Default: NORMAL​

 |
| 

begin\_time​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Activity start time. UNIX timestamp. The value must be greater than the value of the current time.​

 |
| 

end\_time​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Activity end time. UNIX timestamp.​

 |
| 

participation\_limit​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

The number of times a buyer can participate in the promotion.​

 |
| 

discount​

 | 

object​

 | 

Discount information.​

 |
| 

target\_user\_info​

 | 

object​

 | 

The targeted user type of the promotion.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/promotion/202309/activities?timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "title": "DiscountEvent0829",

  "activity\_type": "FIXED\_PRICE",

  "product\_level": "PRODUCT",

  "duration\_type": "INDEFINITE",

  "begin\_time": 1661756811,

  "end\_time": 1661856811,

  "participation\_limit": \[

    {

      "type": "BUYER\_NO\_LIMIT"

    }

  \],

  "discount": {

    "shipping\_discount": {

      "threshold\_type": "MINIMAL\_ITEM\_QUANTITY",

      "threshold\_value": "3",

      "type": "DISCOUNT\_SHIPPING\_FEE",

      "value": "10.5",

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "activity\_id": "7136104329798256386",

    "create\_time": 1661756811,

    "update\_time": 1661756811,

    "status": "ONGOING"

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

17003203​

 | 

A storewide free shipping promotion activity is already active. Only one can be created at a time.​

 |
| 

17029001​

 | 

Invalid parameters​

 |
| 

17029002​

 | 

Title Length Too Long​

 |
| 

17029004​

 | 

Duplicate activity title.​

 |
| 

17029005​

 | 

Begin Time Earlier Than Now​

 |
| 

17029006​

 | 

The activity period is too short.​

 |
| 

17029007​

 | 

The activity period is too long.​

 |
| 

17029008​

 | 

FlashSale Period Too Long​

 |
| 

17029026​

 | 

Invalid SellerID​

 |
| 

17029027​

 | 

Empty RequestSerialNo​

 |
| 

17029035​

 | 

ShopRisk Check Failed​

 |
| 

17029036​

 | 

ActivityType is not supported.​

 |
| 

17029049​

 | 

ActivityVersion is not supported.​

 |
| 

17029052​

 | 

ProductType is not supported​

 |
| 

17029068​

 | 

Selected inventory\_type is not supported in your region.​

 |
| 

17029070​

 | 

Empty gift sku info.​

 |
| 

17029071​

 | 

Gift sku id is invalid, not an integer.​

 |
| 

17029072​

 | 

Gift sku repeated​

 |
| 

17029073​

 | 

Price of the gift exceeds the upper limit​

 |
| 

17029074​

 | 

Eligible products and the gift products must not be the same product.​

 |
| 

17029075​

 | 

Number of gifts per tier does not meet the limit​

 |
| 

17029076​

 | 

Gift sku is out of stock.​

 |
| 

17029077​

 | 

Gifts across different tiers are repeated​

 |
| 

17029078​

 | 

Number of gift tiers does not meet the requirement​

 |
| 

17029082​

 | 

Specified time is outside of the defined range for this activity. Please check the time range for the activity and try again.​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
