# POSTUpdate Inventory

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/update-inventory-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:27:37.388Z

---

Update Inventory

‚ÄãShop

‚Äã

Required scope:

‚Äãseller.product.write

‚Äã

Update the inventory quantity of SKUs belonging to a product. The SKU ID must belong to a product that is not in FREEZE or DELETED status.‚Äã

Version

202309

API Testing Tool‚Äã

‚Äã

POST

/product/202309/products/{product\_id}/inventory/update‚Äã

Copy

‚Äã

Request‚Äã

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)‚Äã

Path

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

product\_id‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The product ID generated by TikTok Shop.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Header

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Allowed type: application/json‚Äã

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Query

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.‚Äã

 |
| 

sign‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ‚Äã

 |
| 

timestamp‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.‚Äã

 |
| 

shop\_cipher‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ‚Äã

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Body

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

skus‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

\[\]object‚Äã

 | 

A list of Stock Keeping Units (SKUs) used to identify distinct variants of the product.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

curl¬Ý\-X¬ÝPOST¬Ý\\

¬Ý'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202309/products/1729382561353664372/inventory/update?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'content-type:¬Ýapplication/json'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'x-tts-access-token:¬ÝTTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k'¬Ý\\

\-d¬Ý'{

¬Ý¬Ý"skus":¬Ý\[

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"id":¬Ý"1729592969712207013",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"inventory":¬Ý\[

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"warehouse\_id":¬Ý"7068517275539719942",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"quantity":¬Ý999,

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"backorder\_quantity":¬Ý888,

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"handling\_time":¬Ý5

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý}

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý\]

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý}

¬Ý¬Ý\]

}'

‚Äã

‚Äã

Response‚Äã

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.‚Äã

 |
| 

message‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.‚Äã

 |
| 

request\_id‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Request log‚Äã

 |
| 

data‚Äã

 | 

object‚Äã

 | 

Specific return information‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

¬Ý¬Ý"code":¬Ý0,

¬Ý¬Ý"data":¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"errors":¬Ý\[

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"code":¬Ý12052990,

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"message":¬Ý"Check¬Ýfailed",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"detail":¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"sku\_id":¬Ý"1729592969712207013",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"extra\_errors":¬Ý\[

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"warehouse\_id":¬Ý"7068517275539719942",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"code":¬Ý12052097,

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"message":¬Ý"The¬Ýwarehouse¬Ýdoes¬Ýnot¬Ýexist"

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý}

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý\]

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý}

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý}

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý\]

¬Ý¬Ý},

¬Ý¬Ý"message":¬Ý"Success",

¬Ý¬Ý"request\_id":¬Ý"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

‚Äã

‚Äã

Error Code‚Äã

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)‚Äã

| 
Code‚Äã

 | 

Message‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

12019022‚Äã

 | 

SKU must contain a valid warehouse.‚Äã

 |
| 

12019024‚Äã

 | 

stock count is invalid‚Äã

 |
| 

12019028‚Äã

 | 

Multiple warehouses detected. Include all warehouse IDs and the corresponding details and try again.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052031‚Äã

 | 

Invalid product ID(s) found‚Äã

 |
| 

12052032‚Äã

 | 

The product does not exist‚Äã

 |
| 

12052036‚Äã

 | 

The SKU ID is necessary‚Äã

 |
| 

12052037‚Äã

 | 

Couldn't update inventory. Possible causes:‚Äã

\- Inventory is automatically allocated and cannot be modified manually‚Äã

\- Warehouse IDs provided are incorrect‚Äã

\- Missing warehouse IDs (all warehouses that stock the product must be included)‚Äã

 |
| 

12052048‚Äã

 | 

You cannot edit the specified product(s) as it isn't listed in your account or shop.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052050‚Äã

 | 

A single product cannot have more than 100 different SKUs‚Äã

 |
| 

12052055‚Äã

 | 

The SKU inventory quantity for the warehouse must be within allowed limits.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052094‚Äã

 | 

No multiple warehouse permission‚Äã

 |
| 

12052096‚Äã

 | 

Unable to update the price for SKUs with no warehouse. Assign a warehouse and try again.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052097‚Äã

 | 

The warehouse does not exist‚Äã

 |
| 

12052115‚Äã

 | 

seller has no warehouse‚Äã

 |
| 

12052141‚Äã

 | 

please edit stock from global‚Äã

 |
| 

12052160‚Äã

 | 

sku count must be one and disable variables‚Äã

 |
| 

12052207‚Äã

 | 

receipt brand not support warehouse‚Äã

 |
| 

12052260‚Äã

 | 

The product ID does not exist‚Äã

 |
| 

12052308‚Äã

 | 

There's an ongoing appeal. If you wish to edit product details, please revoke the appeal first.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052364‚Äã

 | 

The warehouse is unavailable because this product cannot be shipped to the target market from this warehouse.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052371‚Äã

 | 

Auction product is bidding when it is not supported to change product info‚Äã

 |
| 

12052393‚Äã

 | 

Product locked for Promotion and stock can't be updated below current stock‚Äã

 |
| 

12052403‚Äã

 | 

The warehouse does not support fulfillment for the current shop.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052465‚Äã

 | 

warehouse is unavailable for eu gpr product‚Äã

 |
| 

12052530‚Äã

 | 

The warehouse ' {{warehouse ID}} ' does not belong to this shop/seller.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052531‚Äã

 | 

The warehouse is disabled.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052532‚Äã

 | 

the warehouse not delivery warehouse‚Äã

 |
| 

12052533‚Äã

 | 

Removal, addition, and change of warehouses are not permitted. Please specify the original warehouses for the SKUs.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052535‚Äã

 | 

Couldn't publish this product as you haven't set the return warehouse for your shop. Add the return warehouse information on TikTok Shop Seller Center first and try again.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052553‚Äã

 | 

Sku id duplicate‚Äã

 |
| 

12052556‚Äã

 | 

The SKU id not exist.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052700‚Äã

 | 

The seller is inactive.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052703‚Äã

 | 

Invalid seller tax number‚Äã

 |
| 

12052704‚Äã

 | 

seller id not exist‚Äã

 |
| 

12052849‚Äã

 | 

You don't have the permission to operate combo.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052850‚Äã

 | 

The stock of combo does not support being edited.‚Äã

 |
| 

36009003‚Äã

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052901‚Äã

 | 

The product in its current status is not available for this operation. Change the product status and try again.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052902‚Äã

 | 

The SKU list is empty. Either omit the list entirely, or provide all required details.‚Äã

 |
| 

12052921‚Äã

 | 

Couldn't edit the inventory quantity because this product shares the inventory with the source shop‚Äã

 |
| 

12052990‚Äã

 | 

The check failed.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

‚Äã

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
