# POSTGenerate Affiliate Product Promotion Link

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/generate-affiliate-product-promotion-link-202405
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-21T00:07:42.088Z

---

Generate Affiliate Product Promotion Link

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.affiliate\_collaboration.write

​

The user of this API is a partner developer, on behalf of Sellers.​

This API is used to generate affiliate exclusive product link based on all open collaboration products available within the TikTok Shop Affiliate Product Marketplace.​

This API generates a link, at the product ID level (which belongs to a Seller). This link, can be distributed to creators, by the partner developer(the user of this API). The creator adds this product to the creators' showcase through this url.​

This link, represents an affiliate partner's ability to bring higher matchmaking effectiveness on behalf of a seller. If a creator does indeed add the product to showcase through this link, then the downstream consumer purchases will be able to be attributed to this partner due to the link generation capabilities.​

Version

202405

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/affiliate\_seller/202405/products/{product\_id}/promotion\_link/generate​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

product\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The product identifier.​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/affiliate\_seller/202405/products/789078671231/promotion\_link/generate?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "product\_promotion\_link": "https://www.example.com/t/acibsnsgSIngls"

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

16015001​

 | 

Invalid parameter, the product Ids are not correct. Please ensure the products are in the showcase right now.​

 |
| 

16015014​

 | 

get product meta failed​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
