# POSTPrint Label

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/print-label-202602
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:43:01.549Z

---

Print Label

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.fbt.info

​

This API uses an asynchronous Long-Running Operation (LRO) pattern to generate label files. This pattern allows you to trigger a generation task and track its progress until completion.​

\*\* Workflow Steps \*\*​

1\. Initiate​

Send a request with order\_id and the desired print\_items.​

\* Response: The API begins the print task and returns a task\_status of PROCESSING.​

2\. Poll​

Send subsequent requests using the same fields from Step 1. If the print task is still processing, the API will continue to return PROCESSING.​

\* Frequency: We recommend polling every 3–5 seconds.​

3\. Complete​

When the status returns SUCCESS, the response body will include a download\_url for your generated ZIP file.​

Version

202602

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/fbt/202602/inbound\_orders/label\_print​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

order\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The numeric identifier of the inbound order to update tracking information for. ​

Note: Provide the numeric sequence only; do not include the "IBR" prefix (e.g., use 123456 instead of IBR123456).​

 |
| 

print\_items​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

Specifies the types of documents to be generated in this request. Multiple values can be included to receive a combined output.​

​

Allowed Values:​

​

\* CARTON\_PALLET\_LABEL: Identification labels to be stuck on at least two adjacent sides of each carton.​

\* PACKING\_PICKING\_LIST: Warehouse document for identifying and packing items.​

\* FBT\_BARCODE: Fulfilled by TikTok barcodes.​

​

Note: If this list is empty or omitted, CARTON\_LABEL will be generated by default.​

 |
| 

carton\_label\_format​

 | 

string​

 | 

Specifies the layout and dimensions for the carton labels. If this parameter is omitted or an invalid value is provided, the system will use the default single-label format.​

​

Allowed Values:​

​

\* DEFAULT\_1UP: Standard format (1 label per page).​

\* A4\_4UP: A4 paper format (4 labels per page).​

​

Note: If no value is provided, DEFAULT\_1UP will be used as the default format.​

 |
| 

barcode\_format​

 | 

string​

 | 

Specifies the layout and dimensions for the generated label PDF. If this parameter is omitted or an invalid value is provided, the system will use the default thermal label format.​

​

Allowed Values:​

​

Standard / Default​

\* DEFAULT\_40MM\_60MM: Standard 40mm x 60mm thermal label format​

​

A4 Paper Layouts​

\* A4\_21UP\_60\_0MM\_40\_0MM: 21-up labels (60.0mm x 40.0mm) on A4​

\* A4\_21UP\_63\_5MM\_38\_1MM: 21-up labels (63.5mm x 38.1mm) on A4​

\* A4\_24UP\_63\_5MM\_33\_9MM: 24-up labels (63.5mm x 33.9mm) on A4​

\* A4\_24UP\_64\_6MM\_33\_8MM: 24-up labels (64.6mm x 33.8mm) on A4​

\* A4\_24UP\_66\_0MM\_33\_9MM: 24-up labels (66.0mm x 33.9mm) on A4​

\* A4\_24UP\_66\_0MM\_35\_0MM: 24-up labels (66.0mm x 35.0mm) on A4​

\* A4\_24UP\_70\_0MM\_36\_0MM: 24-up labels (70.0mm x 36.0mm) on A4​

\* A4\_24UP\_70\_0MM\_37\_0MM: 24-up labels (70.0mm x 37.0mm) on A4​

\* A4\_27UP\_63\_5MM\_29\_6MM: 27-up labels (63.5mm x 29.6mm) on A4​

\* A4\_40UP\_52\_5MM\_29\_7MM: 40-up labels (52.5mm x 29.7mm) on A4​

\* A4\_44UP\_48\_5MM\_25\_4MM: 44-up labels (48.5mm x 25.4mm) on A4​

​

US Letter Layouts​

\* US\_LETTER\_30UP\_1IN\_2\_625IN: 30-up labels (1" x 2-5/8") on US Letter​

​

Note: If no value is provided, DEFAULT\_40MM\_60MM will be used as the default format.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/fbt/202602/inbound\_orders/label\_print?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "order\_id": "5766071177167344427",

  "print\_items": \[

    "CARTON\_PALLET\_LABEL",

    "FBT\_BARCODE",

    "PACKING\_PICKING\_LIST"

  \],

  "carton\_label\_format": "DEFAULT\_1UP",

  "barcode\_format": "DEFAULT\_40MM\_60MM"

}'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "download\_url": "https://lf16-oec-sc-sign.tiktokcdn-us.com/obj/tos-useast5-v-6091-tx/bff/upload/c656f0bf-d21c-485a-a130-e2cc4a531aec/inbound\_files.zip?lk3s=5375a957&x-expires=1772107010&x-signature=7SD9BUI9UAVZ%2FUFJjddPxi8z4D4%3D",

    "task\_status": "PROCESSING"

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

39001002​

 | 

Request or request parameters are empty. Please recheck the input parameters.​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

39015007​

 | 

Access denied. The API requires the seller to be bound to exactly one merchant.​

 |
| 

39015009​

 | 

SellerId input is invalid​

 |
| 

39015010​

 | 

No inbound orders found for the merchant.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
