# GETGet Inbound Order

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-inbound-order-202602
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:43:29.768Z

---

Get Inbound Order

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.fbt.info

​

This API is used to retrieve the inbound order details including the planned inbound detail, actual inbound detail and inbound status, etc.​

Version

202602

API Testing Tool​

​

GET

/fbt/202602/inbound\_orders​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

order\_ids​

Required​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

The list of numeric identifiers of the inbound orders to fetch information for. ​

Note: Provide the numeric sequence only; do not include the "IBR" prefix (e.g., use 123456 instead of IBR123456). There is a limit of 10 orders to be fetched in each request.​

​

You can get the value in data.inbound\_order\_id in [Inbound FBT order status change](6708f866a88d1103246fed6a) webhook or in [data.inventory\_records.order.id](http://data.inventory_records.order.id) in the response of [Search FBT Inventory Record](670d584ba83c5f030f3071e4).​

 |
| 

include\_carton\_details​

 | 

bool​

 | 

A boolean flag that determines whether the response should include granular information for each individual carton within the shipment.​

​

Note: When set to true, the response will include the carton\_details field. If set to false or omitted, this field will be excluded from the response payload to optimize performance.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

curl \-X GET \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/fbt/202602/inbound\_orders?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&order\_ids=5766071177167344427,5766071177167344428&include\_carton\_details=true' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "inbound\_orders": \[

      {

        "order\_id": "5766071177167344427",

        "order\_id\_string": "IBR5766071177167344427",

        "order\_plan\_id": "5766071177167345050",

        "merchant": {

          "id": "493493403043",

          "name": "ExampleCompany"

        },

        "create\_time": 1773778751,

        "ship\_time": 1773778751,

        "expected\_arrival\_time": 1773778751,

        "actual\_arrival\_time": 1773778751,

        "warehouse": {

          "fbt\_warehouse\_id": "121219993203023",

          "business\_warehouse\_ids": \[

            "121219993209983"

          \],

          "name": "TikTok Warehouse",

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

39001002​

 | 

Request or request parameters are empty. Please recheck the input parameters.​

 |
| 

39015009​

 | 

SellerId input is invalid​

 |
| 

39015010​

 | 

No inbound orders found for the merchant.​

 |
| 

39015020​

 | 

Number of orders in request exceeds the configured limit.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
