# POSTUpdate Price

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/update-price-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:27:31.377Z

---

Update Price

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.product.write

​

Update the price of multiple SKUs belonging to a product in the ACTIVATE status and not included in any ongoing promotions.​

Note: The data response field is always empty as there is no additional response data.​

Version

202309

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/product/202309/products/{product\_id}/prices/update​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Path

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

product\_id​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The product ID generated by TikTok Shop.​

 |

​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

skus​

Required​

 | 

\[\]object​

 | 

A list of Stock Keeping Units (SKUs) used to identify distinct variants of the product.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202309/products/1729592969712207008/prices/update?sign\=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&app\_key=38abcd&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-d '{

  "skus": \[

    {

      "id": "1729592969712207013",

      "price": {

        "amount": "1.32",

        "currency": "USD",

        "sale\_price": "1.32"

      },

      "list\_price": {

        "amount": "1",

        "currency": "USD"

      },

      "external\_list\_prices": \[

        {

          "source": "SHOPIFY\_COMPARE\_AT\_PRICE",

          "amount": "1",

          "currency": "USD"

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {},

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

12019022​

 | 

SKU must contain a valid warehouse.​

 |
| 

12019045​

 | 

price is locked​

 |
| 

12019059​

 | 

seller sku is invalid​

 |
| 

12019113​

 | 

product status is invalid​

 |
| 

12052012​

 | 

Incorrect price format​

 |
| 

12052023​

 | 

Category does not exist​

 |
| 

12052032​

 | 

The product does not exist​

 |
| 

12052038​

 | 

Product price locked due to ongoing promotion. ​

 |
| 

12052048​

 | 

You cannot edit the specified product(s) as it isn't listed in your account or shop.​

 |
| 

12052073​

 | 

The product price is invalid​

 |
| 

12052084​

 | 

The provided currency is not available for this shop/region.​

 |
| 

12052092​

 | 

product sale price is invalid​

 |
| 

12052096​

 | 

Unable to update the price for SKUs with no warehouse. Assign a warehouse and try again.​

 |
| 

12052097​

 | 

The warehouse does not exist​

 |
| 

12052163​

 | 

The gift product are not allowed to be edited​

 |
| 

12052260​

 | 

The product ID does not exist​

 |
| 

12052308​

 | 

There's an ongoing appeal. If you wish to edit product details, please revoke the appeal first.​

 |
| 

12052371​

 | 

Auction product is bidding when it is not supported to change product info​

 |
| 

12052376​

 | 

list price not support​

 |
| 

12052383​

 | 

product list price exceed limit​

 |
| 

12052424​

 | 

Missing 'sale price' value​

 |
| 

12052531​

 | 

The warehouse is disabled.​

 |
| 

12052553​

 | 

Sku id duplicate​

 |
| 

12052557​

 | 

The SKU ID does not belong to the product.​

 |
| 

12052570​

 | 

product price exceed limit​

 |
| 

12052572​

 | 

the sale price is invalid​

 |
| 

12052700​

 | 

The seller is inactive.​

 |
| 

12052703​

 | 

Invalid seller tax number​

 |
| 

12052704​

 | 

seller id not exist​

 |
| 

12052861​

 | 

The price of combined SKU cannot exceed the sum of the prices of the sub-SKUs.​

 |
| 

12052881​

 | 

identity internal error​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

12052901​

 | 

The product in its current status is not available for this operation. Change the product status and try again.​

 |
| 

12052902​

 | 

The SKU list is empty. Either omit the list entirely, or provide all required details.​

 |
| 

12052910​

 | 

Invalid input parameters. Refer to the API documentation for details.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Path](#Path)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
