# GETGet Affiliate Partner Campaign List

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/get-affiliate-partner-campaign-list-202405
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-21T00:01:59.950Z

---

Get Affiliate Partner Campaign List

​Asset

​

Required scope:

​partner.tap\_campaign.read

​

This API offers the ability to list campaigns created by the Affiliate Partner.​

Version

202405

API Testing Tool​

​

GET

/affiliate\_partner/202405/campaigns​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The partner access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 3. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3978f4c20311b8b555) to get partner access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

category\_asset\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The partner identifier used in API requests. Retrieve this value by using the [Get Authorized Category Assets API](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/666012dd609d4402cc3be995). ​

 |
| 

page\_size​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. Default: 10. Valid range: \[1-100\].​

​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page. Maximum page size is 100 items.​

 |
| 

status​

 | 

string​

 | 

The campaign status. The status is an enumerated type with values:​

\- READY​

\- UPCOMING​

\- ONGOING​

\- CLOSED​

\- UNSPECIFIED​

 |
| 

type​

 | 

string​

 | 

The campaign type. This is an enumerated type with values: ​

\- MY\_CAMPAIGNS​

\- GS\_SELLING\_CAMPAIGNS ​

\- SELLER\_CAMPAIGNS​

\- EXCLUSIVE\_TIKTOK\_SHOP ​

Default value is MY\_CAMPAIGNS.​

 |
| 

query\_type\_filter​

 | 

string​

 | 

An extended filter to be used when the campaign type property type is set to SELLER\_CAMPAIGNS or EXCLUSIVE\_TIKTOK\_SHOP. ​

If the type property is set to SELLER\_CAMPAIGNS, the valid values for this property are: ​

\- MARKETPLACE: the response includes campaigns that the partner did not join.​

\- JOINED : the response includes campaigns the partner has joined only.​

If the type property is set to EXCLUSIVE\_TIKTOK\_SHOP, the valid values for this property are:​

\- AVAILABLE: the response includes campaigns the partner is permitted to join.​

\- JOINED: the response includes campaigns the partner has joined only.​

Other types can either not pass a value or pass in Default.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

curl \-X GET \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/affiliate\_partner/202405/campaigns?timestamp=1623812664&page\_size=10&query\_type\_filter=DEFAULT&type=MY\_CAMPAIGNS&app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&category\_asset\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&page\_token=b2Zmc2V0PTAK&status=READY' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json'

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "campaigns": \[

      {

        "id": "7360590375814268715",

        "name": "test",

        "status": "READY",

        "registration\_start\_time": 1712941200,

        "registration\_end\_time": 1713891599,

        "campaign\_start\_time": 1712941200,

        "campaign\_end\_time": 1715878799

      }

    \],

    "next\_page\_token": "absdfV231as2V0PTAK",

    "total\_count": 1570

  },

  "message": "Success",

  "request\_id": "202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

16032001​

 | 

nvalid parameter Creator and Seller, please ensure Region mismatch.​

 |
| 

16032007​

 | 

Permission denied​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
