# POSTUpload Product File

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/upload-product-file-202309
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:26:17.995Z

---

Upload Product File

‚ÄãSeller

‚Äã

Required scope:

‚Äãseller.product.basic

‚Äã

Upload non-image files, such as PDF or video to TikTok Shop. ‚Äã

Use this API when you need to add videos to your product to improve the shopping experience, or submit certifications or reports to meet TikTok Shop requirements for listing restricted products. ‚Äã

Note: You must store the response body to retrieve the ID or URL required to associate the file with a product during product creation or editing.‚Äã

Version

202309

API Testing Tool‚Äã

‚Äã

POST

/product/202309/files/upload‚Äã

Copy

‚Äã

Request‚Äã

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)‚Äã

Header

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Allowed type: multipart/form-data‚Äã

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Query

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.‚Äã

 |
| 

sign‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ‚Äã

 |
| 

timestamp‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Body

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

data‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

file‚Äã

 | 

The local file to be uploaded.‚Äã

‚Äã

NoteÔºö‚Äã

\- Supported formats: PDF, MP4, MOV, MKV, WMV, WEBM, AVI, 3GP, FLV, MPEG‚Äã

\- Max PDF size: 20 MB‚Äã

\- Max video size: 100 MB‚Äã

\- Video aspect ratio: 9:16 to 16:9‚Äã

‚Äã

Recommendations for product videos:‚Äã

\- Aspect ratio: 1:1 ‚Äã

\- Resolution: HD 720p or higher‚Äã

\- Duration: 20 - 60 seconds‚Äã

‚Äã

 |
| 

name‚Äã

Required‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The name of the file, including the file extension (e.g. certification.pdf)‚Äã

‚Äã

Note:‚Äã

\- Do not use additional periods, except the one preceding the file extension.‚Äã

\- Do not begin the name with symbols.‚Äã

\- Do not include spaces.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

curl¬Ý\-X¬ÝPOST¬Ý\\

¬Ý'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/product/202309/files/upload?app\_key=38abcd&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'x-tts-access-token:¬ÝTTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k'¬Ý\\

\-H¬Ý'content-type:¬Ýmultipart/form-data'¬Ý\\

\-F¬Ý'data=@"file"'¬Ý\\

\-F¬Ý'name=SNI.pdf'

‚Äã

‚Äã

Response‚Äã

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties‚Äã

 | 

Type‚Äã

 | 

Description‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code‚Äã

 | 

int‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.‚Äã

 |
| 

message‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.‚Äã

 |
| 

request\_id‚Äã

 | 

string‚Äã

 | 

Request log‚Äã

 |
| 

data‚Äã

 | 

object‚Äã

 | 

Specific return information‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

Example

Show less

‚Äã

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

{

¬Ý¬Ý"code":¬Ý0,

¬Ý¬Ý"data":¬Ý{

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"id":¬Ý"v09e40f40000cfu0ovhc77ub7fl97k4w",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"url":¬Ý"https://p-oec-va.ibyteimg.com/tos-maliva-i-o3syd03w52-us/c668cdf70b7f483c94dbe\\n",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"name":¬Ý"SNI.PDF",

¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý¬Ý"format":¬Ý"PDF"

¬Ý¬Ý},

¬Ý¬Ý"message":¬Ý"Success",

¬Ý¬Ý"request\_id":¬Ý"202203070749000101890810281E8C70B7"

}

‚Äã

‚Äã

Error Code‚Äã

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)‚Äã

| 
Code‚Äã

 | 

Message‚Äã

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

12019103‚Äã

 | 

Couldn't upload file, the file is empty.‚Äã

 |
| 

12019104‚Äã

 | 

The file name is empty.‚Äã

 |
| 

12019105‚Äã

 | 

Failed to process the file. The format or content is not supported.‚Äã

 |
| 

12019122‚Äã

 | 

The video ratio must be between 9:16 and 16:9.‚Äã

 |
| 

12038002‚Äã

 | 

Invalid upload file. Please ensure you are passing the correct file data.‚Äã

 |
| 

12038004‚Äã

 | 

Failed to process the image. The format or content is not supported.‚Äã

 |
| 

12038005‚Äã

 | 

The file size exceeds the maximum allowed size.‚Äã

 |
| 

36009003‚Äã

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.‚Äã

 |

‚Äã

‚Äã

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
