# POSTSearch Cancellations

> Source: https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/search-cancellations-202602
> Section: API Reference
> Scraped: 2026-05-20T23:47:50.844Z

---

Search Cancellations

​Shop

​

Required scope:

​seller.return\_refund.basic

​

Use this API to search and retrieve one or more order cancellations.​

Version

202602

API Testing Tool​

​

POST

/return\_refund/202602/cancellations/search​

Copy

​

Request​

View [common parameters](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a4278f4c20311b8b57e)​

Header

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

content-type​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Allowed type: application/json​

 |
| 

x-tts-access-token​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

The seller access\_token value from [Get Access Token](<https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a3292b0f40314a92d75#Get Access Token API>), when user\_type = 0. Follow this [guide](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a344ddec3030b238fa0) to get seller access\_token.​

 |

​

Query

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

app\_key​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​

 |
| 

sign​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​

 |
| 

timestamp​

Required​

 | 

int​

 | 

Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​

 |
| 

sort\_field​

 | 

string​

 | 

The returned results will be sorted by the specified field. ​

Default: create\_time​

Possible values:​

\- create\_time​

\- update\_time​

​

Specify the order for sorting the returned results by using the sort\_order parameter.​

 |
| 

sort\_order​

 | 

string​

 | 

The sort order for the sort\_field parameter. ​

Default: ASC​

Possible values:​

\- ASC: Ascending order​

\- DESC: Descending order​

 |
| 

page\_size​

 | 

string​

 | 

The number of results to be returned per page. ​

Default: 10. ​

Valid range: \[1-50\].​

 |
| 

page\_token​

 | 

string​

 | 

An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next\_page\_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​

 |
| 

shop\_cipher​

Required​

 | 

string​

 | 

Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​

Get by API [Get Authorization Shop](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9?external_id=6507ead7b99d5302be949ba9)​

 |

​

Body

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

cancel\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

List of order cancellations IDs.​

 |
| 

order\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

List of TikTok Shop order IDs.​

 |
| 

buyer\_user\_ids​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

List of TikTok Shop buyer user IDs.​

 |
| 

cancel\_types​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

List of order cancellation types.​

Possible values:​

\- CANCEL: Cancel by seller or system.​

\- BUYER\_CANCEL: Cancel by buyer. Need to be approved by seller or system.​

 |
| 

cancel\_status​

 | 

\[\]string​

 | 

List of order cancellation statuses.​

Possible values:​

\- CANCELLATION\_REQUEST\_PENDING​

\- CANCELLATION\_REQUEST\_SUCCESS​

\- CANCELLATION\_REQUEST\_CANCEL​

\- CANCELLATION\_REQUEST\_COMPLETE​

​

Please see "API Overview" for more information about these statuses.​

 |
| 

create\_time\_ge​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter cancellations to show only orders that have been created after a specified date and time. Unix timestamp. ​

 |
| 

create\_time\_lt​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter cancellations to show only orders that have been created before a specified date and time. Unix timestamp. ​

 |
| 

update\_time\_ge​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter cancellations to show only orders that have been updated after a specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​

 |
| 

update\_time\_lt​

 | 

int​

 | 

Filter cancellations to show only orders that have been updated before a specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​

 |
| 

locale​

 | 

string​

 | 

The BCP-47 locale codes for displaying the order, delimited by commas. Default: en-US​

Refer to [Locale codes](678e3a47bae28f030a8c7523) for the list of supported locale codes.​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

CurlGoNode.jsJava

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

curl \-X POST \\

 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/return\_refund/202602/cancellations/search?sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&app\_key=38abcd&sort\_field=update\_time&sort\_order=ASC&page\_size=10&timestamp=1623812664&shop\_cipher=GCP\_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&page\_token=aDU2dHIzMlFhME5CUzJKUDhDdVJhTDM1WmJkeFVTVW9LTkRaSnNaZCtuWjJXVU5CSDhlaA==' \\

\-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP\_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb\_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3\_ZkcIxxS0\_In6u6XDeU96k' \\

\-H 'content-type: application/json' \\

\-d '{

  "cancel\_ids": \[

    "577087614418520388"

  \],

  "order\_ids": \[

    "577087614418520388"

  \],

  "buyer\_user\_ids": \[

    "7494845267308415300"

  \],

  "cancel\_types": \[

    "CANCEL"

  \],

  "cancel\_status": \[

    "CANCELLATION\_REQUEST\_PENDING"

  \],

  "create\_time\_ge": 1690340825,

  "create\_time\_lt": 1690340825,

​

​

Response​

Parameters

Show less

| 
Properties​

 | 

Type​

 | 

Description​

 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 

code​

 | 

int​

 | 

The success or failure status code returned in API response.​

 |
| 

message​

 | 

string​

 | 

The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​

 |
| 

request\_id​

 | 

string​

 | 

Request log​

 |
| 

data​

 | 

object​

 | 

Specific return information​

 |

​

Example

Show less

​

JSON

Enable word wrapCopy

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

{

  "code": 0,

  "data": {

    "cancellations": \[

      {

        "order\_id": "577087614418520388",

        "cancel\_type": "REQUEST\_CANCEL\_REFUND",

        "cancel\_status": "CANCELLATION\_REQUEST\_PENDING",

        "role": "BUYER",

        "cancel\_reason": "ecom\_order\_to\_ship\_canceled\_reason\_created\_by\_mistakes",

        "cancel\_reason\_text": "Order created by mistake",

        "create\_time": 1690451136,

        "update\_time": 1690451136,

        "seller\_next\_action\_response": \[

          {

            "action": "SELLER\_RESPOND\_CANCEL",

            "deadline": 1690554680

          }

        \],

        "refund\_amount": {

          "currency": "USD",

          "refund\_total": "1.23",

​

​

Error Code​

Show less

View [common error codes](https://partner.tiktokshop.com/docv2/page/678e3a45786253031531b942)​

| 
Code​

 | 

Message​

 |
| --- | --- |
| 

25001001​

 | 

An invalid request parameter was passed. Please check that you have the correct parameter type(s) and format.​

 |
| 

25020005​

 | 

No permission to process this order​

 |
| 

25020008​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |
| 

36009003​

 | 

Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​

 |

​

​

Is this content helpful?

HelpfulNot Helpful

-   [Request](#Request)
-   [Header](#Request_Header)
-   [Query](#Request_Query)
-   [Body](#Request_Body)
-   [Example](#Request_Example)
-   [Response](#Response)
-   [Parameters](#Response_Parameters)
-   [Example](#Response_Example)
-   [Error Code](#Error_Code)
