"Documentation\nContact Us\nSearch content\nLog in\nJoin now\n\n# Documents\nNew\n\nAuthorization\nEvent\nSeller\nProducts\nPromotion\nOrders\nFulfillment\nFulfilled by TikTok (FBT)\nLogistics\nReturn and refund\nFinance\nFinance API overview\nGET\nGet Statements\nGET\nGet Payments\nGET\nGet Withdrawals\nGET\nGet Transactions by Order\nGET\nGet Transactions by Statement\nGET\nGet Unsettled Transactions\nAnalytics\nCustomer service\nCustomer engagement\nReviews and ratings\nAffiliate creator\nAffiliate partner\nAffiliate seller\nSupply chain\nTools\n\n# Finance API overview\n\n# Context\n\nYou can get transaction details for a given order or date range. You can also get payment details for a given date range.\n\n| API | Description |\n| --- | --- |\n| GET Statements | Get the list of statements records of the specified date range, which is settled on a daily basis. You can filter the statements based on payment status. |\n| GET Payments | Get the list of payments based on date range, including the current payment status. Use this list to reconcile payments with the Seller's bank account. |\n| GET Transactions by Statement | Get a list of transactions based on statement_id. We will return a list of orders. If you require the SKU level transaction details, pass in the order_id to GET Transactions by Order. |\n| GET Transactions by Order | Get a list of transactions associated with an order specified by the order ID. It also returns the SKU level transaction details. |\n| GET Unsettled Transactions | Get a list of unsettled transactions generated by the seller, returning the detailed fee breakdown for a list of order IDs and adjustment IDs. |\n\n\n### Endpoint usage suggestions:\n\nIf you want to get order level settlement transactions:\n— Get daily basis statement information from GET Statements, including statement ID\n— Get order level settlement detail information from GET Transactions by Statement using statement ID get from GET Statements\n\nIf you want to get order level unsettlement transactions:\n— Get unsettled transaction information from GET Unsettled Transactions, including order ID and adjustment ID\n\nIf you want to get SKU level settlement transactions:\n— Get daily basis statement information from GET Statements, including statement ID\n— Get order level settlement detail information from GET Transactions by Statement using statement ID get from GET Statements, including order ID\n— Get SKU level settlement detail information from GET Transactions by Order using order ID get from GET Transactions by Statement\n\n# Important Concepts\n\nStatements: Records used to describe the settled orders collection. Each seller has one statement per day. The statement will be generated every day (UTC 0:00), and will be closed at 0:00 the next day. After closing, the statement will be automatically issued and initiate payment. One statement corresponds to one payment. But in special cases (for example, when the settlement amount is too small and does not meet the payment requirements), multiple statements will combined as one payment.\nPayments: Records used to describe the transaction of payout funds. When payment is initiated, this document can be used as the basis for reconciliation with the bank account.\n\n# Frequently Asked Questions\n\n## Why is an order not settled yet?\n\nPlease refer to the settlement rules on TikTok Shop Academy for your specific market.\n\n## What are the adjustment types？\n\n| Adjustment type | Description |\n| --- | --- |\n| Shipping fee adjustment | Adjustment when there are differences or mistakes with the shipping fee paid by the seller. |\n| Shipping fee compensation | Compensation given to sellers due to differences between the actual shipping fee and the pre-paid shipping fee. |\n| Chargeback | The charge returned to a payment card after a customer has successfully disputed an item on their account statement or transactions report. |\n| Customer service compensation | This is extra compensation or compensation paid to a customer after the after-sales period by customer service. |\n| Promotion adjustment | Adjustment when a seller takes part in a platform promotion and there are differences between the promotion price and the actual amount paid by the seller. |\n| Platform compensation | Compensation paid to the seller as a result of the seller successfully appealing customer dispute. |\n| Platform penalty | After identifying a violation of platform policies, we have deducted the corresponding penalty amount from your account in accordance with our policies. Please see the email notification that was sent to you. |\n| Sample shipping fee | Fees are charged for sending samples using the platform logistics provider. |\n| Logistics reimbursement | Your order has been lost or damaged due to logistics issues. We apologize sincerely for this issue, and we have provided reimbursement for this order. The platform has verified the return or refund order ID with logistics, and the return/refund request for the order has been approved. Since the reason for this refund is not the responsibility of the seller, TikTok has paid the refund amount to the customer. Reimbursement paid by TikTok Shop for losses due to logistics-related issues |\n| Platform reimbursement | Platform refund without return: Order has been processed using the TikTok refund without return policy. Since the buyer is responsible for the issue with the order, we have provided reimbursement to cover the loss. Refer to the TikTok refund without return policy for more details. Platform refund without return: Order has been processed using the TikTok refund without return policy. Once we've reviewed the order, you may receive a subsidy to help neutralize your costs. Refer to the TikTok refund without return policy for more details. The platform has verified the return or refund order ID, and the return/refund request for the order has been approved. Since the reason for this refund is not the responsibility of seller, TikTok has borne the refund amount to the customer. Subsidy paid by TikTok Shop as a result of customer dissatisfaction |\n| Deductions incurred by seller | User has submitted a 'Return and Refund' request for an order. According to TikTok Shop policy, the seller will be liable for return shipping costs if the return or refund is caused by a product issue or late delivery. Order was found to meet the definition of fraud, and to either have one of the following issues, or other similar issues: empty package sent to customer, items sent not matching those on the product display page, items sent of lower value than advertised. The seller is responsible for costs related to this issue. According to the TikTok Shop Anti-counterfeit Policy, the product under order is considered counterfeit. The seller is responsible for costs related to this issue. The product for order is considered defective and to have created a negative experience for the customer. According to TikTok Shop's policy, the seller is responsible for the cost of the compensation voucher provided to the customer. When a customer is unhappy with their experience due to an issue that is the seller's responsibility, the seller is responsible for related costs. |\n| Shipping fee rebate | The shipping fee rebate given to the seller as part of their participation in a platform campaign. |\n| Warehouse service fee | Fees that are charged as part of warehouse services provision, such as a wrapping service operations fee, wrapping service fee, barcode labeling fee, new product inspection service fee, and so on. |\n| Platform commission adjustment | Adjustment when there are differences in the platform commission paid by the seller. |\n| Platform commission compensation | Compensation paid to the seller when there are differences in the platform commission paid by the seller. |\n| Other adjustment | Adjustments for other reasons. |\n\n\n## Where can I view the data returned by the APIs in TikTok Shop Seller Center?\n\n| API name | Related seller center pages |\n| --- | --- |\n| Get Payments |  |\n| Get Statements |  |\n| Get Statement Transactions |  |\n| Get Order Statement Transactions |  |\n\n\n## Why is an order missing from the API response?\n\nOrders that have not been settled will not appear in the OpenAPI response. For more possible reasons an order may be unsettled, please refer to Question 1 in the Frequently Asked Questions.\n\nIs this content helpful?\nHelpful\nNot Helpful\n\nBack To Top\nContext\nImportant Concepts\nFrequently Asked Questions\n"