"Documentation\nContact Us\nSearch content\nLog in\nJoin now\n\n# Documents\nNew\n\nAuthorization\nEvent\nSeller\nProducts\nPromotion\nOrders\nFulfillment\nFulfilled by TikTok (FBT)\nLogistics\nReturn and refund\nFinance\nFinance API overview\nGET\nGet Statements\nGET\nGet Payments\nGET\nGet Withdrawals\nGET\nGet Transactions by Order\nGET\nGet Transactions by Statement\nGET\nGet Unsettled Transactions\nAnalytics\nCustomer service\nCustomer engagement\nReviews and ratings\nAffiliate creator\nAffiliate partner\nAffiliate seller\nSupply chain\nTools\n\nGet Statements\n​Shop\n​\n\nRequired scope:\n​seller.finance.info\n​\n\nRetrieves the statements generated for a shop and the key statement information based on a specified date range or their payment status. Use this API to get an overview of your daily statements over a range of time, or to find out which statements have been paid or not. For the detailed transactions, refer to Get Statement Transactions or Get Order Statement Transactions.​\n\nApplicable for all regions' sellers. Only data after 2023-07-01 is available.​\n\nVersion\n202309\nAPI Testing Tool\n​\n\n​\nGET\n/finance/202309/statements​\nCopy\n​\n\nRequest​\n\nView common parameters​\n\nHeader\nShow less\n\n| Properties​ | Type​ | Description​ |\n| --- | --- | --- |\n| content-type​ Required​ | string​ | Allowed type: application/json​ |\n| x-tts-access-token​ Required​ | string​ | The seller access_token value from Get Access Token, when user_type = 0. Follow this guide to get seller access_token.​ |\n\n\n​\n\nQuery\nShow less\n\n| Properties​ | Type​ | Description​ |\n| --- | --- | --- |\n| app_key​ Required​ | string​ | Every single app will have a unique key. Please use the specific key assigned to your app.​ |\n| statement_time_lt​ | int​ | Filter statements to show only those that are generated before the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​ Refer to notes in statement_time_ge for more usage information.​ |\n| payment_status​ | string​ | Filter statements based on the payment status.​ Possible values:​ - PAID: Payment has been transferred to the seller.​ - FAILED: Payment transfer failed.​ - PROCESSING: Payment is currently being processed.​ Default: All statuses are returned.​ |\n| page_size​ | int​ | The number of results to be returned per page. ​ Default: 20​ Valid range: [1-100]​ |\n| page_token​ | string​ | An opaque token used to retrieve the next page of a paginated result set. Retrieve this value from the result of the next_page_token from a previous response. It is not needed for the first page.​ |\n| sort_field​ Required​ | string​ | The returned results will be sorted by the specified field. Only supports statement_time.​ |\n| sort_order​ | string​ | The sort order for the sort_field parameter. ​ Default: ASC ​ Possible values:​ - ASC: Ascending order​ - DESC: Descending order​ |\n| statement_time_ge​ | int​ | Filter statements to show only those that are generated on or after the specified date and time. Unix timestamp.​ ​ Note:​ statement_time_ge and statement_time_le together constitute the creation time filter condition.​ - If statement_time_ge is filled but statement_time_lt is empty, statement_time_lt will default to the current time.​ - If statement_time_lt is filled but statement_time_ge is empty, statement_time_ge will default to the earliest shop time.​ ​ Example:​ As statements are generated daily at 00:00 UTC, to retrieve statements for the period from Oct 5 to Oct 10, configure the parameters as follows:​ - Set statement_time_ge to 00:00 on Oct 6 or any time on Oct 5 (excluding 00:00).​ - Set statement_time_lt to any time on Oct 11 (excluding 00:00).​ |\n| sign​ Required​ | string​ | Signature generated by gen algorithm. When you send API requests to TTS, you must sign them so that TTS can identify the senders. ​ |\n| timestamp​ Required​ | int​ | Unix timestamp GMT (UTC+00:00). This timestamp is used across all API requests. Developers can use this convert to local time.​ |\n| shop_cipher​ Required​ | string​ | Use this property to pass shop information in requesting the API. Failure in passing the correct value when requesting the API for cross-border shops will return incorrect response. ​ Get by API Get Authorization Shop​ |\n\n\n​\n\nExample\nShow less\n​\nCurlGoNode.jsJava\nEnable word wrap\nCopy\n1\n2\n3\n4\ncurl -X GET \\\n 'https://open-api.tiktokglobalshop.com/finance/202309/statements?app_key=38abcd&shop_cipher=GCP_XF90igAAAABh00qsWgtvOiGFNqyubMt3&statement_time_lt=1623812664&payment_status=PAID&page_size=20&sort_field=statement_time&statement_time_ge=1623812664&sign=5361235029d141222525e303d742f9e38aea052d10896d3197ab9d6233730b8c&timestamp=1623812664&page_token=6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT&sort_order=ASC' \\\n-H 'x-tts-access-token: TTP_pwSm2AAAAABmmtFz1xlyKMnwg74T2GJ5s0uQbS8jPjb_GkdFVCxPqzQXSyuyfXdQa0AqyDsea2tYFNVf4XeqgZHFfPyv0Vs659QqyLYfsGzanZ5XZAin3_ZkcIxxS0_In6u6XDeU96k' \\\n-H 'content-type: application/json'\n​\n\n​\n\nResponse​\n\nParameters\nShow less\n\n| Properties​ | Type​ | Description​ |\n| --- | --- | --- |\n| code​ | int​ | The success or failure status code returned in API response.​ |\n| message​ | string​ | The success or failure messages returned in API response. Reasons of failure will be described in the message.​ |\n| request_id​ | string​ | Request log​ |\n| data​ | object​ | Specific return information​ |\n\n\n​\n\nExample\nShow less\n​\nJSON\nEnable word wrap\nCopy\n1\n2\n3\n4\n5\n6\n7\n8\n9\n10\n11\n12\n13\n14\n15\n16\n17\n18\n19\n20\n21\n22\n{\n  \"code\": 0,\n  \"data\": {\n    \"next_page_token\": \"6AsPQsUMvH3RkchNUPPh22NROHkE0D8pmq/N5M1kHYcZmtRyv9aVrNv65W7Q6tFA+7D1ud64MPNz5OaT\",\n    \"statements\": [\n      {\n        \"id\": \"7238804564097517339\",\n        \"statement_time\": 1685548800,\n        \"settlement_amount\": \"100\",\n        \"currency\": \"GBP\",\n        \"revenue_amount\": \"200\",\n        \"fee_amount\": \"-30\",\n        \"adjustment_amount\": \"-70\",\n        \"payment_status\": \"PAID\",\n        \"payment_id\": \"3459275187040258849\",\n        \"net_sales_amount\": \"-70\",\n        \"shipping_cost_amount\": \"-70\",\n        \"payment_time\": 1685548800\n      }\n    ]\n  },\n  \"message\": \"Success\",\n​\n\n​\n\nError Code​\nShow less\n\nView common error codes​\n\n| Code​ | Message​ |\n| --- | --- |\n| 36009003​ | Internal error. Please try again. If the issue persists after multiple attempts, please contact platform support.​ |\n\n\n​\n\n​\n\nIs this content helpful?\nHelpful\nNot Helpful\n\nRequest\nHeader\nQuery\nExample\nResponse\nParameters\nExample\nError Code\n\nrangeDom\n"